# Page 10

As the world faces the 
interdependent climate change 
and biodiversity crises, insurance 
must play its role as the ‘great 
enabler’ of the resilient transition 
to a net-zero economy.
This year the Climate Risk and Resilience 
(CRR) team continued building an expert, 
full spectrum function to support the 
business globally, integrating climate 
and resilience into client solutions 
as applicable.
Cementing our position as an industry 
leader, we focused on demonstrating the 
critical role of insurance in enabling and 
accelerating a just, resilient transition to 
net zero.
Key milestones in 2024 included the 
second year of the Global Risk and 
Resilience Fellowship, the creation of a 
pioneering carbon capture and storage 
(CCS) leakage facility, and a collaboration 
with Microsoft to launch the Howden 
Resilience Laboratory.
During London Climate Action Week in 
June 2024, we convened the inaugural 
De-Risking Summit at Mansion House 
in London, bringing together over 300 
Enabling the transition 
to net zero
We aim to accelerate the transition 
to net zero with resilience strategies 
and risk transfer solutions, which, 
for example, address the financing 
challenges of carbon capture storage 
and early-stage technologies. 
Supporting urban 
resilience planning 
Embedding insurance expertise at the 
heart of urban resilience to empower 
cities to build a safe, equitable, and 
sustainable future.
Unlocking investment  
in nature-based solutions 
Enabling investment into nature using 
insurance, which includes supporting 
governance in carbon markets.
Data and technology-
led innovation 
Harnessing our own risk analytics, 
technical and climate expertise, 
and working with data and 
technology partners to address 
insurability challenges. 
climate, insurance, and finance leaders 
to drive insurance-led climate action. 
Building on the success of the event, 
we collaborated with Boston Consulting 
Group (BCG) and the UN Climate 
Change High-Level Champions to 
share innovative insurance approaches 
to increase the bankability of climate 
projects. Our joint report, titled ‘The 
Great Enabler’, was released at the 
UNFCCC Conference of Parties (COP29) 
and highlighted real-world examples, 
identified key challenges, and presented 
11 high-impact insurance solutions.
Led by Howden’s CRR team, and together 
with world-leading private and public 
sector partners, we believe that we are 
fast becoming a transformative force in 
the market, expanding and accelerating 
the role of insurance to make impact 
at speed. 
Our areas of focus:
The enabling role of insurance
Climate Risk and Resilience
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
Empowering people 
Being a responsible business
Appendix
09
Introduction
De-risking the energy transition


---