# Page 11

We’re challenging the conventional 
use of insurance in project financing 
to show how it can lower the cost 
of capital. 
The global CCS market is projected to 
reach a value of $7.49 billion by 2030 at a 
compound annual growth rate of 19.9% 
between 2023 and 20301, accelerating 
the need for effective insurance solutions 
to protect the financial viability and 
stability of CCS projects. 
We’re presenting risk management 
solutions that, when integrated into a 
comprehensive programme, we believe 
can shift financiers’ perceptions of the 
risk profile associated with CCS projects.
Use of insurance to de-risk finance 
is a key goal of our CRR team so that 
this can unlock investment in resilient 
and low carbon infrastructure. This 
involves collaboration with Howden 
broking teams to deliver insurance 
solutions to market. To date, these 
include insurance solutions for carbon 
capture and storage facilities (CCS) 
and groundbreaking products for the 
Voluntary Carbon Market (VCM).
In 2024, we announced a first-of-its-kind 
insurance facility, designed to address 
leakage risks from CCS facilities that 
are not accounted for under traditional 
insurance products.
Case study:  
Renewable electricity for households
Bespoke insurance 
for a solar energy 
subscription service
Howden’s Power & Renewable 
Energy team support more than 
100 gigawatts of renewable energy 
projects. This portfolio is spread 
across onshore and offshore wind, 
solar photovoltaic concentrated 
solar power, battery energy storage, 
biomass, geothermal and hydropower, 
helping clients develop projects and 
managing a rapidly growing portfolio 
spread across the globe.
By partnering with innovators in the 
renewable energy space, we are 
helping to support the accessibility 
and affordability of renewable 
electricity for UK households.
Together with Aviva, we’ve created a 
bespoke construction and operation 
cover policy for Sunsave, the UK’s first 
solar subscription, which provides 
solar batteries and panels using 
a regular payment plan.
	Learn more here 
Enabling the transition to net zero
Innovative insurance products
$7.49b
Projected valuation of carbon capture 
and storage markets by 2030
1.	 Vantage Market Research, Carbon Capture And 
Sequestration Market Size, Share & Trends Analysis 
Report by 2030
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
Empowering people 
Being a responsible business
Appendix
10
Introduction
De-risking the energy transition


---