# Page 13

Together with key partners, we’re 
leveraging a unique public-private 
approach to building urban resilience.
Supporting urban resilience planning
The Global Risk and Resilience Fellowship
The value of enhanced urban resilience 
is considerable, but realising its full 
potential requires investment. While 
insurance is a vital component, it cannot 
serve as the sole solution. Cities urgently 
need financing to leverage insurance 
for scaling adaptation efforts. Financial 
institutions and the insurance sector 
must collaborate with cities to unlock 
the necessary financing at the scale 
required to achieve a sustainable and 
equitable future.
In 2024, Howden, with the Resilient 
Cities Network and the Sustainable 
Markets Initiative, built on the successful 
implementation of the inaugural 2023 
‘Fellowship’, to deliver the second year of 
the Global Risk and Resilience Fellowship 
(‘the Fellowship’). 
The Fellowship’s mission is to deliver 
increased city resilience through 
measurable action. 
The 2024 Fellowship worked with 
five cities across three continents: 
Manchester, UK; Lagos, Nigeria; Norfolk, 
USA; Oakland, USA; and Cape Town, 
South Africa. 
Across these five diverse cities, there 
were three central themes that united the 
2024 fellowship projects: 
1.	The need for cities to assess and 
articulate the cost of failing to adapt to 
flooding and other climate perils. 
2.	A consideration of how insurance can 
de-risk investment to reduce the cost 
of capital required to build adaptive 
infrastructure. 
3.	The evaluation of how innovative 
parametric insurance can be coupled 
with other tools to manage the 
increasingly severe climate shocks 
already faced by cities.
	A detailed overview of the outcomes 
of the 2024 Fellowship projects are 
discussed in this report
By harnessing the collective 
power and knowledge of 
cities and the private sector, 
the Fellowship has been able 
to explore innovative ways 
of addressing risk and drive 
meaningful investment in the 
future of our cities.” 
Lauren Sorkin
Executive Director,  
Resilient Cities Network
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
Empowering people 
Being a responsible business
Appendix
12
Introduction
De-risking the energy transition


---