# Page 14

This shift has been fuelled by the 
indemnity market cycle hardening in 
recent years, as well as to continued 
advancements in technology, and the 
increasingly complex profile of emerging 
risks related to climate change. Keeping 
up with this change and demand, Howden 
is investing and expanding in parametric 
risk transfer solutions, tailored to address 
the growing necessity to de-risk across 
industries, financial markets, and the 
public sector.
Parametric solutions for 
underserved populations
Building preparedness on the climate 
frontline remains a strategic priority, 
and in 2024, Howden announced the 
acquisition of MiCRO, a microinsurance 
specialist that designs and implements 
parametric insurance coverage for 
underserved populations in Latin 
America, spanning Guatemala, 
El Salvador, Colombia, and Mexico. 
Our aligned mission is to invest in 
innovative and value-adding insurance 
solutions that sustainably enhance 
resilience in emerging markets, especially 
amid increasing climate catastrophes.
Index-based insurance products 
designed by MiCRO triggered $5.9 million 
in payouts benefiting almost 60,000 
insureds in 2024 to recover faster from 
severe drought and excess rain events 
in the region. For instance, in Guatemala, 
during a devastating 2024 rainy season, 
there were at least 28 deaths, tens of 
thousands of people evacuated, and 
more than 8,600 buildings damaged as 
well as over 400 roads and at least five 
bridges destroyed. MiCRO’s insurance 
solutions led to over $2.3 million in 
payouts for almost 29,000 people 
affected. The MiCRO proprietary platform 
enabled fast electronic payouts allowing 
communities to recover more quickly and 
rebuild their livelihoods.
	Click here to read about the 
acquisition of MiCRO
Supporting urban resilience planning 
Innovative insurance for building resilience 
Case study: 
An innovative 
approach to disaster 
relief for the Miami 
Foundation 
Building on the results of the Global Risk 
and Resilience Fellowship in Miami-
Dade County, Howden helped The 
Miami Foundation place a parametric 
policy that triggers in the event of a Cat 
3 or higher hurricane making landfall, 
supporting disaster preparedness and 
equitable long-term recovery. 
Miami faces an increase in the 
frequency and intensity of tropical 
storms, hurricanes and storm surges 
bringing South Florida’s ability to 
pioneer climate resiliency into sharp 
focus. The physical risks of extreme 
weather events caused by climate 
change are one of the most pressing 
resilience challenges for city officials 
and local livelihoods. 
Howden worked closely with the 
Miami Foundation to develop different 
parametric concepts that would reduce 
vulnerability to climate-related risks by 
removing existing coverage gaps.
The Foundation purchased a policy 
against a hurricane making landfall, with 
payouts triggered by wind speed and 
the proximity of an arriving storm. 
This allowed the philanthropic 
community to provide crucial financial 
support to Greater Miami’s most 
vulnerable communities the moment 
they need it most: immediately after 
disaster strikes. The policy’s rapid 
fund release will allow the Foundation 
to quickly move money to the non 
profits acting as first responders in 
their communities, strengthening 
their capacity to activate swiftly and 
effectively during a crisis.
Moreover, the pre-arranged payout 
structures of such parametric policies 
offer a degree of predictability during 
otherwise uncertain times, bolstering 
pre-crisis preparation. 
The 2024 disaster season marked the 
first time that the Foundation invested 
in a parametric insurance policy, making 
it one of the nation’s first philanthropic 
institutions to explore this approach to 
disaster relief.
	Learn more here 
Parametric insurance is fast gaining 
ground across our markets. Unlike 
traditional indemnity insurance, 
which pays out based on the extent 
of the loss, parametric insurance 
provides payouts based on the 
severity or frequency of an event.
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
Empowering people 
Being a responsible business
Appendix
13
Introduction
De-risking the energy transition


---