# Page 15

UN Climate Change  
High-Level Champions
The UN Climate Change High-Level 
Champions accelerate climate action 
by connecting the work of governments 
with the many voluntary and collaborative 
solutions provided by cities, regions, 
businesses, investors and more. 
This includes delivering the five-year 
plan of the Marrakech Partnership, in 
collaboration with the United Nations 
Framework Convention on Climate 
Change (UNFCCC) secretariat and 
other partners. 
In response to our Bigger Picture report’s 
call to action, Howden announced 
a collaboration with the UN Climate 
Change High-Level Champions to 
enable climate insurance breakthroughs. 
This collaboration aims to foster 
insurer-client collaboration to enhance 
risk understanding, work with key 
industries to de-risk projects, unlock 
new insurance capacity, and support 
low-carbon investments.
In 2024, Howden and the UN Climate 
Change High-Level Champions led 
the way in establishing the insurance 
industry formally in global climate finance 
discussions for the first time.
On Finance Day at COP29, we ran the 
Marrakech Partnership for Global Climate 
Action Implementation Focus Lab. It 
centred on the role the insurance industry 
must play in unlocking capital and the 
delivery plan to mobilise insurance, 
industry and finance to de-risk and 
accelerate the implementation 
of the High-Level Champions 2023 
Climate Solutions.
The (re)insurance sector 
Throughout the year, we worked to 
bring together the (re)insurance market, 
leveraging our role as a broker to deliver 
optimal solutions for our clients and 
foster a sustainable market for parties. 
We believe our relationship with the 
market is integral to our mission. It 
extends beyond the insurance solutions 
we jointly bring to market, encompassing 
our efforts to shape a market that is 
sustainable and future proof. As outlined 
in our whitepaper ‘The Great Enabler’, we 
regularly engage in collaboration centred 
around a shared vision for the insurance 
industry’s role in supporting society’s 
efforts to address the dual challenges 
of climate change and biodiversity loss. 
We take great pride in being a trusted 
advisor, as well as advocate and leader 
within the market, supporting industry 
stakeholders in their strategic planning 
for the energy transition and addressing 
the future insurability challenges posed 
by climate change. 
The Cambridge Institute for 
Sustainability Leadership
As a member of the Cambridge Institute 
for Sustainability Leadership’s (CISL) 
ClimateWise, in 2024 we explored 
innovative nature-related financial 
opportunities, focusing on the role of 
mangroves, coral reefs, and seagrasses in 
supporting and safeguarding near-shore 
fisheries in Bolinao, Philippines. The report 
also examined how insurance can be 
used to enhance the financial resilience 
of small-scale fishing communities. 
This collaboration expands on a 2023 
report by the CISL, where we contributed 
to a compelling action plan. Illustrating a 
first step for implementation of loss and 
damage risk sharing systems, the authors 
evaluated how an initial allocation of 
$10 million premium support per country 
could generate immediate protection, at 
scale, through the risk capital markets. 
Each country would receive on average 
$200 to $300 million in pre-arranged 
annual protection to support their highest 
priority needs for more frequent climate 
shocks: e.g. humanitarian response, 
recovery of schools, hospitals and 
critical infrastructure; sovereign debt 
repayments; agricultural support; and 
restoration of marine and terrestrial 
ecosystems.
Partnering for impact 
Our partnerships
	Click here  
to read our 
Bigger Picture 
report
	Click here  
to read The 
Cambridge 
Institute for 
Sustainability 
Leadership 
report
Risk Sharing for  
Loss and Damage
Scaling up protection  
for the Global South
We continue to deepen relationships across 
industry, non-governmental organisations 
and the public sector to deliver innovative 
de-risking solutions for our clients and for 
the communities we serve. 
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
Empowering people 
Being a responsible business
Appendix
14
Introduction
De-risking the energy transition


---