# Page 16

In collaboration with Pollination, a 
specialist climate and nature solutions 
firm, our Through the Wilderness 
report highlighted the four important 
ways that insurance can enable 
investment in nature. Illustrated by 
real-world use cases, we presented 
our recommendations at the Sixteenth 
meeting of the Conference of the Parties 
to the Convention on Biological Diversity 
(COP16), held in Cali, Colombia in 
November 2024. 
Four key roles for the insurance sector 
to unlock finance for nature: 
1.	Risk transfer to mobilise capital 
2.	Protecting natural assets 
3.	Enabling trading in environmental 
markets 
4.	Governance 
Howden’s CRR team is actively 
supporting solutions within each of these 
priority areas, including by expanding 
insurance coverage for the carbon 
markets, and using insurance to promote 
effective governance in these markets.
	Click here to read  
the full report
Carbon credits warranty 
and indemnity insurance 
Insurance instils fundamental buy-side 
confidence for buyers in the voluntary 
carbon market (VCM). 
Since 2022 when we launched the world-
first voluntary carbon credit invalidation 
insurance, we have continued with our 
mission to de-risk and help scale high-
integrity carbon markets. 
In 2024, we announced the first 
carbon credits warranty and indemnity 
(W&I) insurance policy. The policy 
offers insurance-backed guarantees 
that carbon credit buyers will be 
compensated if any social, environmental 
or financial issues arise that compromise 
the integrity of the credits. These 
assurances are incorporated into 
sales contracts, legally outlining the 
expectations for the credits to meet 
market integrity standards. 
The first buyer of the policy applied 
it to credits generated through their 
reafforestation project in Ghana. 
Recognising the value of this insurance 
protection, and the high quality of the 
credits, it provided buy-side confidence 
and allowed the project developers to 
sell the credits at a premium compared to 
other reafforestation projects currently 
offered in the market. 
There is an increasing awareness of the 
global economy’s impact on, and reliance 
upon, nature. Lesser appreciated is the 
central role that insurance can play 
in unlocking and scaling the financial 
resources essential for mitigating and 
adapting to climate change, as well as 
conserving and restoring nature.
Unlocking investment in nature based-solutions
Nature’s crucial role
Examples of unlocking finance for nature
 
Risk transfer  
to mobilise capital
•	 Adapt crop insurance solutions for transition 
finance for regenerative agriculture
•	 Scale use of existing insurance products 
for nature-based debt instruments
Protecting  
natural assets
•	 Scale use of parametric products
•	 Incentivise habitat restoration through 
resilience insurance
Enabling trading 
in environmental 
markets
•	 Expand insurance coverage for carbon markets
•	 Adapt offerings for other environmental markets
Governance 
•	 Investigate where traditional insurance 
incentivises nature and biodiversity loss
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
Empowering people 
Being a responsible business
Appendix
15
Introduction
De-risking the energy transition


---