# Page 17

Howden Resilience Laboratory
Using Howden’s broader data and 
technology expertise, the CRR team 
launched the Howden Resilience 
Laboratory (HRL) in collaboration with 
Microsoft. The HRL is a digital hub that 
creates and scales analytical solutions 
to help clients tackle climate challenges.
By working with industry experts, data 
scientists, and Microsoft’s Planetary 
Computer, the HRL models climate 
scenarios and measures their financial 
impact. It turns complex environmental 
and financial data into clear, practical 
insights helping business leaders, 
investors, and asset owners better 
understand and manage climate risks.
Bridging the gap between the 
insurance market and investors
Physical climate risks can reduce the 
value of real assets by affecting revenues, 
increasing operational costs, or making 
insurance harder to obtain. To help 
address this, Howden’s CRR team has 
worked with the Institutional Investors 
Group on Climate Change (IIGCC) to 
understand the challenges investors face 
when integrating physical climate risks 
into their decision making processes. 
At New York Climate Week 2024, Howden 
and Microsoft demonstrated a new 
automated model developed in the HRL. 
This tool helps real asset investors to see 
how physical climate risks could affect 
their portfolios and to evaluate resilience 
strategies while considering their 
financial impact.
Built using the IIGCC’s Physical Climate 
Risk Assessment Methodology (PCRAM), 
it’s the first tool of its kind to include 
financial metrics like cash flow and 
investment returns. 
As the relationship between data and 
analytics, and the impacts of climate change 
and biodiversity loss evolve, we believe the 
need for data-driven insight becomes ever 
more critical. 
Data and technology-led innovation
Turning climate data into action
By streamlining the process, 
the Resilience Laboratory’s 
application of PCRAM offers 
the opportunity to broaden its 
use across sectors, providing 
insurers and investors with 
a practical framework to 
incorporate climate resilience 
into their decision-making. 
This consistent approach not 
only manages risks but also 
enhances asset value over time, 
ensuring long-term stability 
and unlocking opportunities 
for more resilient investments.” 
Mahesh Roy
Investor Strategies Programme 
Director, The Institutional Investors 
Group on Climate Change (IIGCC)
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
Empowering people 
Being a responsible business
Appendix
16
Introduction
De-risking the energy transition


---