# Page 19

We’re very proud of the success that 
we have achieved over the past 30 
years through the collective power of 
our people all over the world, and we’re 
focused on sharing that success by using 
our resources and expertise to be a force 
for good. 
We know that people thrive when they are 
empowered to create better outcomes 
for themselves and others. This is as true 
for our colleagues as it is for the people 
in the communities where we live and 
work, and for those most exposed to the 
impacts of climate change. 
That’s why everything we do to have 
a positive social impact is focused on 
using our scale across 55 countries to 
empower our people to build resilience 
and create a brighter future. 
Changing how the world sees risk and 
insurance by empowering people to build 
resilience and create a brighter future.
Social impact 
Using our expertise to be a force for good
£1.5m
donated by the Howden Foundation 
in FY24
D&I award 
winner
In 2024 we were proud to win 
the Broker D&I Champion Award 
at the UK Broker Awards
£2.3m
donated by Howden in FY24 
through employee fundraising 
and company donations
Empowering people  
on the climate crisis frontline
Empowering people on the frontlines of the climate 
crisis with the tools, knowledge and confidence to invest 
in a safer and more resilient future.
Community  
impact
Empowering communities where we live and work to 
build resilience and create a brighter future by putting 
giving back at the heart of everything we do.
A people-first  
culture
Empowering people from all backgrounds to build 
fulfilling careers by making Howden a great place to 
work for people from all walks of life.
 Read more on page 19
 Read more on page 23
 Read more on page 27
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
De-risking the energy transition
Being a responsible business
Appendix
18
Empowering people 
Introduction
Our approach to social impact: 


---