# Page 20

As temperatures rise, the scale and 
impact of climate-related shocks 
rises too, hitting the most vulnerable 
communities the hardest. 
Just as we help clients respond to 
climate risks, we are also focused on 
supporting communities on the frontlines 
of the climate crisis to build resilience, 
through giving them the tools, knowledge 
and confidence to invest in a safer and 
more resilient future. We do this through 
our support of our corporate foundation, 
the Howden Foundation, and separately 
through our support of Humanity Insured. 
Our corporate foundation, Howden 
Foundation, is a strategic philanthropy on 
a mission to equip those most exposed to 
the impacts of climate change, especially 
extreme heat and drought, with the tools 
to prepare, adapt, and recover.
Complementary to this – and in 
recognition of the scale of the challenge 
and the potential for insurance to 
transform the way communities build 
resilience against climate risks, in 
September 2024, Howden brought 
together the insurance sector to launch 
Humanity Insured. Humanity Insured aims 
to transform the insurance system to 
make insurance accessible and effective 
for people on the climate crisis frontline, 
helping them to protect their futures. 
Climate change is a pressing 
crisis that is driving humanitarian 
disasters across the globe. 
Empowering people on the frontlines of the climate crisis 
Building resilience
We urgently need to scale up 
action in order to safeguard 
our communities, economies, 
and ecosystems.” 
Clare Ballantine
COO, Howden Foundation 
One Acre Fund clients join a focus group discussion 
with Humanity Insured to feedback on drought 
insurance initiative, Kakamega, Kenya. 
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
De-risking the energy transition
Being a responsible business
Appendix
19
Empowering people 
Introduction


---