# Page 21

Vision: a world where everyone is resilient 
to the impacts of climate change.
Empowering people on the frontlines of the climate crisis
Howden Foundation
Climate Resilience for All
£1.5m
donated by the Howden 
Foundation to drive 
climate action
8
long-term partners
14
countries
Howden Foundation climate partners
Phillippines
Bangladesh
Thailand
India
Madagascar
 
Senegal
 
Hawaii
 
Kenya
 
Pakistan
 
Afghanistan
 
Somalia
 
DRC
 
Zimbabwe
 
Malawi
 
Key
 RedR UK
 The Nature Conservacy
 Climate Resilience for All
 Start Network
 Environmental  
Change Institute
 PELUM Zimbabwe
 Sand Dams Worldwide
 Seven Clean Seas
Howden’s independent Foundation, the 
Howden Foundation, was formed in 2014 
to extend the charitable work of the 
business and its people. 
The Foundation works to empower 
communities around the world who 
are facing the worst impacts of the 
climate crisis to take action to address 
it, such that they can prepare for, adapt 
to and recover from its increasingly 
devastating effects. 
Working in partnership with these 
communities and the organisations that 
know them best, the Howden Foundation 
provides funding, support and technical 
advice wherever it is needed most.
The Foundation also supports causes 
and communities selected by Howden 
employees, and has distributed almost 
£1 million in matched funding to more 
than 600 charities across 21 countries 
since 2021, as well as pledging over 
£250k to more than 100 charities through 
the Howden Foundation Charity Awards.
Protecting livelihoods and lives:
Climate insurance 
for female workers 
in India
In India, rising temperatures are 
making it increasingly difficult for 
informal female workers to safely 
earn a living. The Howden Foundation 
supports Climate Resilience for All’s 
‘Women’s Climate Shock Insurance 
and Livelihood Initiative’ (WCSI), which 
provides financial support and wage 
protection when it becomes too hot 
and dangerous for women to work. The 
programme engaged 50,000 members 
of the Self-Employed Women’s 
Association (SEWA) in its first year, 
providing close to $600,000 in extreme 
heat insurance and cash to those 
involved across Rajasthan, Maharashtra 
and Gujarat. This resulted in increased 
family income and food security; 
increased agency and decision-making 
power; and reduced illness, injury and 
exploitation. Up to 250,000 women are 
expected to participate in the second 
year of the programme. By funding 
scalable, risk-based solutions like WCSI, 
the Howden Foundation is helping 
communities most vulnerable to the 
impacts of climate change to prepare 
for, adapt to and recover from its 
increasingly devastating impacts. 
	Click here to find out more
Figures correct as at 30 September 2024
Since refocusing its mission to 
tackling the climate challenge, 
the foundation has built up an 
impressive portfolio of long-
term, impactful partnerships 
and commitments.” 
David Howden
Chair of the Howden Foundation
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
De-risking the energy transition
Being a responsible business
Appendix
20
Empowering people 
Introduction


---