# Page 22

 The evolution of Humanity Insured
 
Over the past few years, Howden has 
been finding ways for insurance to play a 
meaningful role supporting those bearing 
the brunt of a changing climate.
Recognising that, in just over two 
decades1, the difference between 
the amount needed to respond to 
humanitarian crises and the funds 
available had increased by around 30 
times, Howden began working with 
organisations that support and are 
embedded in communities on the climate 
frontline to develop solutions that use 
insurance to unlock private capital, stretch 
donations further, and empower people to 
be financially prepared. 
Making insurance accessible and effective 
for people on the climate crisis frontlines.
1.	 WHO.
Empowering people on the frontlines of the climate crisis
Humanity Insured
Since 2022, Howden has provided 
over $600,000 to support innovative 
pilot projects that provide insurance 
and risk modelling expertise to people 
most exposed to climate disasters, 
helping to make insurance available and 
affordable at scale for climate-vulnerable 
communities.
Howden recognised that this needed to 
be delivered by an independent charity 
that could attract a large pool of private 
and philanthropic donations in order 
to grow at the scale required to have a 
meaningful impact. 
In 2024, having secured the support 
of seven other founding donors 
from the insurance industry – Allianz, 
Hiscox, The Fidelis Partnership, Tokio 
Marine Kiln, AXA XL, Inigo, and Beazley 
– Humanity Insured was launched as an 
independent charity.
Humanity Insured’s mission is to 
stop climate disasters from driving 
poverty among the world’s most 
climate‑vulnerable people by increasing 
their financial preparedness. 
2021
2021-23
2024
At COP26, Barbados’ Prime Minister, 
Mia Mottley, asks, “Where is the 
private sector?”
Inspired, David Howden recognises 
the urgent need for the insurance 
industry to step up and bridge the 
humanitarian funding gap – using 
insurance solutions to connect 
private capital to help those most 
impacted by climate change.
Howden begins establishing an 
independent charity, backed by the 
insurance sector. 
Bringing insurance to those on the 
climate frontline, Howden supports 
pilot projects in India, Belize, the 
Philippines, Jamaica, Rwanda, and Fiji.
In October 2024, Humanity Insured is 
officially launched as an independent 
UK and US registered charity, backed 
by eight founding donors from the 
insurance industry.
Humanity Insured awards five 
grants to grantees including 
UNHCR, One Acre Fund, and WFP, 
protecting over 1 million people from 
climate-related risk.
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
De-risking the energy transition
Being a responsible business
Appendix
21
Empowering people 
Introduction


---