# Page 23

About Humanity Insured
Humanity Insured is a UK and US charity 
backed by the insurance sector that 
empowers at-risk communities to build 
climate resilience through effective 
insurance solutions. Humanity Insured 
is on a mission to leverage private 
and philanthropic capital at scale to 
unlock insurance protection for the 
3.6 billion people living on the climate 
crisis frontline.
For these people the ever-present 
threat of climate shocks and stresses 
destabilises lives and livelihoods, 
forcing those at-risk into survival mode 
as financial assistance is not reliably 
available and often arrives too late. 
Humanity Insured exists to change this.
It looks to address the urgent need for 
the most vulnerable communities to 
prepare for and protect themselves 
from the devastating impacts of climate 
change, by paying for a portion of 
insurance premiums so the people most 
threatened by climate change have 
an insurance safety net. The financial 
protection insurance provides empowers 
people to invest in everything from 
education to new farming techniques. 
This means failed harvests don’t steal 
childhoods. Sick livestock don’t become 
lost livelihoods. And disasters don’t 
descend into crises. 
UNHCR case study (Malawi)
The Dzaleka refugee settlement in 
Malawi struggles with overcrowding and 
worsening droughts, which threaten 
livelihoods and leave both refugees and 
the local community heavily reliant on aid. 
In a pioneering partnership, Humanity 
Insured and UNHCR have co-funded 
innovative drought insurance to provide 
immediate, guaranteed cash payouts 
before droughts strike, empowering 
refugees and the local community to 
secure food, rebuild livelihoods, and plan 
for the future with dignity.
This partnership is more than a local 
success – it’s a scalable model for 
protecting millions of displaced and 
vulnerable people worldwide, promotes 
peaceful cohabitation, builds a sense of 
security delivering stability, dignity, and 
resilience to those who need it most.
One Acre Fund  
case study (Kenya)
Kenyan smallholder farmers face 
escalating climate disasters that 
devastate crops and livelihoods, 
driving families deeper into poverty. 
In partnership with One Acre Fund, 
Humanity Insured is subsidising Excess 
rainfall, Drought and Area Yield Index 
insurance for 216,554 smallholder 
farmers. This insurance offers payouts 
and loan forgiveness during poor 
harvests, giving farmers the stability 
and confidence to invest in their 
futures – planting seeds, buying farming 
equipment, and keeping their children 
in school. 
This financial protection helps farmers 
move beyond daily survival and build a 
future of resilience, prosperity and hope, 
despite the growing climate crisis.
World Food Programme (WFP) 
case study (Syria)
After more than a decade of conflict, 
Syria faces worsening food insecurity, 
with 13 million people experiencing 
severe hunger2, with the situation made 
worse by droughts.
In response, Humanity Insured has 
partnered with the World Food 
Programme (WFP) to protect 246,000 
Syrians, with a focus on pregnant and 
breastfeeding women. In the event 
of a drought, the insurance provides 
immediate payouts, so that displaced 
people and farmers have access to food 
and preventing malnutrition, offering a 
much-needed lifeline.
This initiative allows reliable, 
non‑politicised funding for WFP’s 
vital work, strengthening the path 
to sustainable food security and 
long-term resilience for Syria’s most 
vulnerable communities.
Empowering people on the frontline of the climate crisis
1.	 UN OCHA: https://www.unocha.org/news/un-
releases-us100-million-ramp-responses-10-
underfunded-humanitarian-crises
2.	 UN Press: ‘Syria Facing Highest Levels of 
Humanitarian Need Since Start of 13-Year Crisis’, 
Senior Official Tells Security Council | Meetings 
Coverage and Press Releases
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
De-risking the energy transition
Being a responsible business
Appendix
22
Empowering people 
Introduction


---