# Page 24

Community impact
Giving back
Giving back is part of who we are at Howden. 
Whether through fundraising, volunteering, 
or raising awareness, we empower our 
people to make a meaningful impact in 
the communities where we live and work.
We’ve continued to channel our collective 
power through:
 Employee giving: locally led 
initiatives, from creative fundraising and 
team volunteering to awareness-raising 
activities, driven by our people’s passion 
for giving back. 
 Global campaigns: collaborative 
efforts like our flagship giving back 
campaign, ‘Global Group Giving Month’, 
uniting employees worldwide to create 
shared impact. 
 Long-term partnerships: multi-year 
collaborations to break down barriers and 
help communities thrive. 
Our global network of Community Impact 
Champions is instrumental in connecting 
colleagues worldwide, inspiring action, 
and amplifying our impact. Together, 
we’ve achieved extraordinary results, 
supporting countless charities and 
uplifting communities across the globe.
Empowering communities where we 
live and work by putting giving back 
at the heart of what we do.
Key Giving Back 
highlights (FY24) 
£900,000
donated through the incredible 
fundraising efforts of our colleagues 
14,800+  
hours of volunteering contributed by 
our colleagues to make a difference 
in their local communities. 
£400,000 
in employee matched funding from 
the Howden Foundation to amplify 
the impact of colleague donations. 
1,000+
charities supported through 
fundraising and volunteering across 
32 countries. 
Case study:
Global Group 
Giving Month – 
our annual flagship 
giving campaign
In 2024, we celebrated Howden’s 30th 
anniversary with our biggest Global 
Group Giving Month (GGGM) to date. 
The theme, Howden 30, encouraged 
creativity in giving back, with colleagues 
challenged to incorporate the 
number 30 into their activities. From 
volunteering 30 hours to running 30km, 
collecting 30 bags of litter, or raising 
£30 for a cause, our people found 
unique ways to amplify their giving. 
This year, we raised more money and 
engaged more colleagues than ever 
before. We raised more than £340,000* 
– more than double the previous year’s 
total – and employees volunteered more 
than 5,700 hours (up 34% increase on 
2023), supporting over 420 charities 
across 30 countries. 
GGGM continues to demonstrate the 
strength of Howden’s global community 
and our focus on supporting local and 
international causes. 
	Watch the video to find out more 
*including £89,000 in matched funding from the 
Howden Foundation
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
De-risking the energy transition
Being a responsible business
Appendix
23
Empowering people 
Introduction


---