# Page 25

Howden Foundation 
Charity Awards 
In December 2024, the Howden 
Foundation Charity Awards recognised 
and celebrated the outstanding work of 
charities supported by our colleagues. 
These awards highlight the Foundation’s 
focus on amplifying the charitable giving 
of our people by providing additional 
funding to the organisations they care 
about most via its People First Fund. 
All colleagues were invited to nominate 
a charity close to their hearts, and 
eligible charities were then voted on by 
colleagues to decide the winners. The 
Foundation pledged more than £140,000 
in funding to over 60 charities, with 
individual grants ranging from £1,000 
to £30,000. Alzheimer’s Research UK 
secured the top prize of £30,000, and 
colleague Samantha Hicks-Smith, who 
nominated the charity, shared why this 
meant so much.
The Charity Awards reflect our belief 
in empowering our people to support 
causes close to their hearts and 
strengthen communities worldwide. 
Alzheimer’s Research UK is a 
cause incredibly close to my 
heart. My family, like so many 
others, has been affected by 
dementia. It’s the UK’s leading 
cause of death, and there’s still 
no cure – but there is hope. With 
donations like this, the incredible 
scientists at Alzheimer’s Research 
UK can continue their vital work 
towards finding a solution.”
Samantha Hicks-Smith
Internal and Change  
Communications Director 
Spotlight on giving back: 
Carlie Norwell
One employee who has gone above 
and beyond to give back to her 
community is Carlie Norwell. 
This year, Carlie dedicated more 
than 2,100 hours of her time to 
volunteering – equivalent to an 
incredible 40 hours per week. 
Through her tireless efforts, she has 
rescued 14,000+ meals from going 
to waste and championed countless 
fundraising initiatives. In recognition of 
her exceptional contributions, Carlie 
was awarded the Giving Back People 
Award at the 2024 Howden Awards, an 
accolade celebrating employees. 
“Giving back has always been a part of 
who I am. Growing up, I experienced 
the support of community initiatives 
first hand, and it inspired me to get 
involved and keep going. I believe that 
if you have the ability to help, you have 
a responsibility to do so. Even small 
actions can make a big difference in 
creating a stronger, better community 
for everyone.” 
Carlie Norwell
Business Development Manager 
Howden 
Community impact
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
De-risking the energy transition
Being a responsible business
Appendix
24
Empowering people 
Introduction


---