# Page 26

£410,000
raised thanks to the incredible fundraising  
efforts of our UK colleagues
£13,500+
raised climbing the UK 
Three Peaks challenge
In April 2024, our UK employees selected 
Maggie’s as our UK charity partner for the 
next two years. 
Maggie’s provides a unique approach 
to cancer care, offering free financial, 
psychological, and practical support to 
anyone affected by a cancer diagnosis. 
Support is available both online and at 
their 24 centres across the UK. 
As Maggie’s largest corporate partner 
in 2024, our aim is to enable them to 
transform the lives of even more people 
living with cancer and their families. We’ve 
set an ambitious target to raise £500,000 
over the course of our partnership to 
fund their vital support. This amount 
could cover 6,500 financial support 
sessions and 4,000 psychological 
support sessions. These services help 
alleviate the stress and anxiety that often 
accompany a cancer diagnosis.
As of December 2024, we have already 
raised £410,000, including matched 
funding from the Foundation, thanks to 
the incredible fundraising efforts of our 
UK colleagues. With over a year of the 
partnership still to go, we are confident in 
our ability to surpass our target and make 
an even greater impact.
Our partnership with Maggie’s goes 
beyond fundraising. Through our network 
of branches, we are working to raise 
awareness of Maggie’s and we are 
collaborating to develop cancer-friendly 
insurance, challenging the insurance 
industry to better meet the needs of 
people living with cancer.
 	Learn more about Maggie’s 
and their work
I nominated Maggie’s to be our 
UK charity partner because of 
my sister Josie’s experience. 
Diagnosed with a rare form 
of cancer at 30, she found an 
escape at Maggie’s during a time 
of great fear and uncertainty. 
Their support extended 
beyond Josie, offering comfort 
to our entire family during this 
difficult time.”
Rochelle De-Sa
Insurance Consultant at Howden
£175,000+
raised cycling for 24 hours at 
Goodwood Motor Circuit
£72,500+
raised cycling from London to 
Monte Carlo
£27,000+
raised abseiling 225m down the 
Leadenhall Building,
£22,000+
raised running the London Royal 
Parks Half Marathon
£5,000+
raised at Howden and Maggie’s 
Carol Concert
Community impact 
Partnering with Maggie’s
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
De-risking the energy transition
Being a responsible business
Appendix
25
Empowering people 
Introduction


---