# Page 27

Community impact
DUAL ANZ – a culture of giving back 
In 2024 alone, DUAL ANZ raised an 
impressive A$639,000 (£320,400) for 
over 286 charities and contributed 
1,876 volunteer hours. Remarkably, they 
accounted for almost a quarter of our 
global fundraising efforts for the second 
consecutive year.
This year, to celebrate DUAL ANZ’s 20th 
anniversary, the team organised a series 
of signature fundraising events across 
Australia. These events raised significant 
funds for a variety of causes, including 
A$50,000 for Ocean Heroes in Perth, 
A$72,000 for Eat Up in Melbourne, and 
A$127,000 for the Black Dog Institute 
across Sydney and Brisbane. 
Under the leadership of CEO Damien 
Coates, giving back has become 
embedded in DUAL ANZ’s culture. 
Damien’s passion for mental health 
advocacy has been a driving force, both 
within the business and beyond. As an 
ambassador for the Black Dog Institute, 
a leading mental health charity in the 
region, Damien has shared his mental 
health workshops with over 10,000 
people and led DUAL ANZ in raising over 
A$1 million for the charity since their 
partnership began. In recognition of his 
trailblazing contributions, Damien was 
awarded the inaugural Howden Group 
Lifetime Achievement Award at the 2024 
Howden Awards.
DUAL Australia and New Zealand (ANZ), 
comprising just over 1% of our global headcount – 
but accounting for almost a quarter of our global 
fundraising – exemplifies how a focus on giving back 
can achieve extraordinary results. 
For every hour of volunteering an employee 
does, we donate A$50 to their group giving 
account, enabling them to support the causes 
closest to their hearts. While mental health 
charities are my personal focus, our people are 
passionate about a wide range of issues, from 
animal welfare to climate action and poverty 
alleviation. By recognising their efforts and 
supporting their passions, we’ve fostered a 
culture where giving back isn’t just encouraged 
– it’s celebrated.”
Damien Coates
CEO, DUAL ANZ
	Visit 
Black Dog 
Institute 
	Visit Eat Up 
website 
	Visit Ocean 
Heroes
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
De-risking the energy transition
Being a responsible business
Appendix
26
Empowering people 
Introduction


---