# Page 28

A people-first culture
Empowering people from all walks of life 
to build fulfilling careers by making Howden 
a great place to work. 
People come to Howden for lots of 
different reasons, but they all stay 
for the same one: our culture. It’s what 
sets us apart.
Since 1994, we have been employee-
owned and have always been driven by 
an entrepreneurial spirit. Right from the 
beginning, we’ve focused on attracting 
talented individuals and empowering 
them to make a real difference, whilst 
building successful and fulfilling careers 
at the same time. 
We have a noticeably flat hierarchy 
for a global organisation of such 
size and scope. It comes from the 
way the group has grown over the 
last 30 years, with mergers with 
like-minded companies done in a spirit 
of collaborative independence. 
We believe our business succeeds by 
allowing our people to make a mark 
in the areas they care about most: 
personal development, volunteering 
and fundraising for charity, or creating 
new insurance products that address 
society’s greatest challenges.
Prioritising wellbeing 
We believe enabling our colleagues 
to balance and enhance their overall 
wellbeing is central to our culture. 
Having the opportunity to engage in 
wellbeing activities flexibly, whether 
individually or in groups, virtually or in 
person, gives our colleagues the freedom 
to build wellbeing into their working 
and personal lives according to their 
circumstances.
Wellbeing is a cornerstone of a thriving 
culture because it directly influences 
employee satisfaction, productivity, 
and retention. When individuals 
feel their physical, psychological, 
emotional, and social needs are met, 
they are more engaged. It creates a 
supportive and inclusive environment 
where colleagues can be their best. 
It encourages open communication, 
reduces stress, and helps to prevent 
burnout, having significant impacts on 
both the individual, their peers but also 
more widely the business.
Wellbeing is not just about work; it 
extends to the personal lives of our 
colleagues as well. By supporting our 
employees in managing their overall 
wellbeing, we help them lead more 
balanced and fulfilling lives. This holistic 
approach can allow colleagues to care for 
their families, pursue personal interests, 
and enjoy a higher quality of life.
We are focused to providing the 
resources and support needed to help 
them thrive both professionally and 
personally. We provide and promote a 
variety of forums, webinars, live events, 
and tools that support psychological, 
emotional, financial, and social wellbeing. 
Howden also provides virtual counselling 
for anyone that needs additional support.
Where all of us can thrive
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
De-risking the energy transition
Being a responsible business
Appendix
27
Empowering people 
Introduction


---