# Page 29

To be a great global business that talent, 
clients and partners love, we know that 
we must work every day to grow and 
evolve a culture that prioritises the 
wellbeing and success of our people by 
creating a workplace where everyone is 
valued, respected, and empowered to 
contribute their best.
Locally driven, globally aligned
To support accountability and to drive 
meaningful change from leadership, we 
have established divisional and regional 
D&I committees, all reporting into the 
Group D&I committee. This structure 
promotes that responsibility for driving 
progress sits at the right levels across 
the business, promoting accountability 
and action.   
The Group D&I committee, a sub-
committee of the board, is responsible 
for supporting regulatory compliance 
while providing guidance, support, 
and challenge to regional and divisional 
D&I efforts.    
Divisional and regional committees 
play a crucial role in aligning D&I plans 
and initiatives with business strategies, 
driving data collection, and tracking 
performance. By partnering with global 
and local HR teams, they foster regional 
engagement and compliance with local 
regulations, further embedding D&I into 
our daily operations.   
We are focused on making Howden a 
great place to work for people from all 
walks of life. 
Growing an inclusive and empowered culture
A people-first culture
Our principles 
Our approach to building an environment where people feel valued and can do their best work is underpinned by these principles.
01
Engage 
Our business leaders across the 
group agree to diversity priorities 
and build commitment
04
Conversation 
Create opportunities for meaningful 
dialogue, listening and learning across 
the group to build awareness and 
understanding our differences
02
Attract
Tap into a broader talent pool 
to hire diverse skills, experiences 
and perspectives
05
Education
Enable and equip our people to 
understand, be comfortable with, and 
leverage differences
03
Develop
Identify our talent and provide 
opportunities and development 
for our people to grow
06
Listen 
Leverage and activate different groups 
and perspectives across the business 
to create momentum and deliver  
our D&I plan
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
De-risking the energy transition
Being a responsible business
Appendix
28
Empowering people 
Introduction


---