# Page 30

Employee Resource 
Groups (ERGs)
Our employee membership for our 11 
ERGs, which are open to all employees, 
has grown to 1,525, with over 1,300 
colleagues attending ERG events over 
the past year. In 2024, we launched 
two new ERGs – ‘RESPECT: Service 
Network’ supporting military-connected 
employees and their families, and a 
standalone ‘RESPECT: Neurodiversity’ 
ERG. Our global expansion continues, 
with the first ERGs launched outside 
the UK.
Employee round tables
Building on the success of our diversity 
roundtables, this year we’ve created 
more forums for employees to engage in 
discussions that inspire curiosity, deepen 
understanding and drive change. So 
far, over 500 employees across the UK 
and Asia have participated in sessions 
covering topics like racial equality, social 
mobility, and neurodiversity.
Career returners initiative
Through our partnerships with Career 
Returners and the Insurance Families 
Network, we are helping those who take 
a career break to return to roles that 
match their skills and experience. These 
initiatives reduce pay penalties, normalise 
flexible working for all, and support 
fair progression.
Parental Leave Support 
In collaboration with our Parents at Work 
ERG, we’ve developed comprehensive 
parental leave guides for both managers 
and employees. These resources share 
best practice and actionable tools to 
support a smoother transition and 
greater support for parents returning 
to work. 
Menopause Champions
We have launched Menopause 
Champions across the UK to improve 
workplace support. These champions 
serve as advocates and first points of 
contact, helping to reduce stigma and 
foster positive change.
Everywoman in 
Insurance Forum
We continue to sponsor the Everywoman 
in Insurance Forum – which brought 
together more than 500 women this 
year. It provides access to role models, 
fosters discussion, and builds supportive 
networks to encourage the attraction and 
development of women in insurance. 
Our focus on harnessing the collective 
talents and perspectives of our people is 
brought to life in different ways around 
the world; here are some examples.
Driving inclusion all over the world 
A people-first culture
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
De-risking the energy transition
Being a responsible business
Appendix
29
Empowering people 
Introduction


---