# Page 31

Reasonable adjustment process
To give every individual the tools they 
need to excel, we partnered with our 
Disability and Neurodiversity ERGs to 
revamp our reasonable adjustment 
process and create an environment 
where everyone can thrive.
Dive In Festival
In 2024, we supported the Dive In 
Festival, the insurance industry’s leading 
D&I event. Howden hosted sessions 
across the UK, Singapore, Brazil, 
Colombia, Italy, Japan, Australia, and New 
Zealand, covering critical topics such as 
women’s career phases, social mobility, 
empowering neurodiverse talent, and 
supporting intellectual disabilities.
Our sessions were attended by 3,816 
people, and our Three Phases of a Woman’s 
Career event was the most attended 
session of the entire global festival.
The King’s Trust partnership
For the past three years, we have 
partnered with The King’s Trust and 
LIIBA to deliver the Get Into Insurance 
programme – an initiative designed 
to give 18 to 30 year-olds from 
underrepresented backgrounds an 
introduction to the insurance industry 
and a pathway to a successful career.
The programme provides a two-week 
intensive course covering key topics and 
hands-on, practical work experience, 
equipping them with the knowledge and 
skills to explore a career in our industry. In 
2024, nine participants went on to secure 
an internship or apprenticeship in various 
areas of the business.
Inclusive Futures Coalition
We are proud to be a founding partner of 
the Inclusive Futures Coalition, a bold ten- 
year initiative, focused on transforming 
the insurance industry’s talent landscape. 
Through targeted bursaries and inclusive 
recruitment partnerships, we are actively 
broadening our reach to attract Black and 
ethnically diverse talent.
This initiative is not just about filling 
roles – it’s about reshaping the future of 
our industry to reflect the communities 
we serve.
A people-first culture
Broker D&I 
Champion Award
In 2024 we were proud to win the 
Broker D&I Champion Award at the 
UK Broker Awards. This achievement 
reflects the collective effort of so 
many people across Howden – our 
D&I team, our ERGs, the 3,000+ 
colleagues who pledged to make 
a difference through the All of 
Us campaign, and the voluntary 
committees driving our inclusive 
culture worldwide. 
This recognition is a testament to our 
people-first culture and our focus on 
turning words into action. Together, 
we’re building a workplace and an 
industry where everyone belongs.
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
De-risking the energy transition
Being a responsible business
Appendix
30
Empowering people 
Introduction


---