# Page 32

Some of our All of Us pledges 
from around the world: 
Taking action
All of Us
In our two-year All of Us pledge 
campaign, which concluded in October 
2024, colleagues across 43 countries 
submitted more than 3,300 pledges to 
make a difference. 
Pledges focused on improving 
representation, creating opportunities 
for growth, and cultivating a sense of 
belonging that we can all be proud of. 
They included everything from 
partnering with schools and 
charities to promote insurance as a 
career and create opportunities for 
young people from disadvantaged 
backgrounds, to establishing and 
expanding mentoring and knowledge 
exchange programmes, to broadening 
perspectives and understanding 
through hosting roundtables and 
awareness-building events. 
We also launched the All of Us online 
library, where over 500 colleagues from 
32 countries borrowed e-books on topics 
such as understanding neurodiversity, 
demystifying disability, and achieving 
work-life balance. 
All of Us began with a bold vision: to 
inspire teams and individuals to take 
action to make this a great place to 
work for people from all walks of life. 
Jess Moylan, Singapore
Group Communications  
Director – APAC
Jess pledged to launch the Knowledge 
Exchange programme in Asia Pacific and 
India, with the aim of connecting people 
across businesses and countries. It has 
flourished, with 52 participants in 2023 
and an additional 56 in 2024, spanning 
12 countries and 17 different businesses. 
Sam Vardy, UK
Divisional Director
Sam pledged to host quarterly 
neurodiversity forums, which have grown 
into a thriving online community of over 
100 neurodivergent colleagues and allies. 
Daniele Chiarelli, Italy
Information Systems & 
Technology Specialist
Daniele pledged to help organise a 
four-lesson computer course. This 
initiative aims to promote digitalisation 
and empower people with Down 
Syndrome with computer proficiency.
Eva Maria Gonzalez, Spain 
Underwriting Chief Officer & 
Financial Lines Manager
Eva Maria pledged to give opportunities 
within the underwriting team to young 
people who would otherwise not have the 
chance to get into the insurance industry.
Sheryl Canchela, Philippines
Assistant Manager
Sheryl pledged to do her bit in fostering 
and maintaining an inclusive working 
environment by completing unconscious 
bias training and building greater 
self‑awareness.
Sam Johnston, UK
Senior HR Business Partner 
Sam pledged to continue his role as an 
Alumni mentor to Black students from his 
former university. Encouraging students 
to consider a role in HR/Insurance 
through sharing his experiences and 
support during recruitment processes.
Ian McLauchlan, Australia
DUAL ANZ CFO 
Ian McLauchlan also pledged to raise 
awareness of neurodiversity which 
contributed to the launch of the ANZ 
Disability and Neurodiversity employee 
resource group. 
Kelly Ogley, UK
CEO Consumer and Local Commercial
Kelly was one of the first leaders to 
make a pledge, aiming to connect all 110 
Howden retail branches across the UK 
with local schools, colleges, sixth forms 
and careers hubs. As part of a business-
wide initiative to attract talent from all 
walks of life, this pledge aimed to raise 
awareness of the insurance industry 
and the exciting opportunities available 
to young people. 
Throughout the All of Us campaign, 
the branch network engaged over 130 
schools, delivering presentations, careers 
fairs, and apprenticeship sessions, 
reaching more than 11,500 students. 
The team also developed a dedicated 
work experience programme, providing 
35 young people with hands-on insight 
into the day-to-day life of an insurance 
broker. In recognition of her leadership 
in driving this initiative, Kelly was awarded 
The Insurance Times Industry Achiever 
2024 award.
3,300 
pledges over two years
500+  
colleagues from 32 countries 
borrowing books from our All of Us 
online library
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
De-risking the energy transition
Being a responsible business
Appendix
Introduction
31
Empowering people 


---