# Page 33

Measuring our 
employee engagement 
We offer colleagues different forums to 
share thoughts and opinions including 
through ERGs and listening forums. To 
help us assess and monitor employee 
satisfaction and engagement, we 
welcome colleagues to participate in our 
global people survey, giving everyone the 
opportunity to provide feedback on their 
experience of working at Howden. 
As we continue to grow as a business, 
it is important that we understand what 
matters to our people the most, so we 
equip leaders with the knowledge to 
drive improve and remain aligned with the 
goals and values of Howden.
During our latest Employee Engagement 
Survey (March 2024), 82 per cent of 
colleagues responded providing key 
insights into our global employee 
experience. Our overall engagement 
score has risen to 8.0 out of 10, marking 
a 0.5 increase since our previous survey, 
while our employer net promoter score 
(eNPS) stands at +40 per cent. The most 
positively rated statements were: “People 
from all backgrounds are treated fairly at 
Howden” and “I understand what it means 
to be a responsible business”, reinforcing 
that our core values resonate at all levels 
of the organisation.
Gender pay gap 
Reducing our gender pay gap is a long-
term commitment, and we recognise that 
meaningful change takes time.
While the increase in our gap reflects 
more women represented in the lower 
pay quartiles, we are confident that 
our continued focus on development 
and progression will help drive lasting 
improvement.
We remain focused on fostering a 
workplace where everyone has the 
opportunity to grow, succeed, and be 
rewarded fairly. 
Headcount
Since the snapshot data of the 2023 
report, Howden has seen a significant rise 
in headcount of 2,049. 
New hires
New hires represent the majority of 
the additional headcount but also 
reflects acquisitions who have moved 
to the Howden entity during the 
snapshot period. 
	Click here to read our  
2024 Gender Pay Gap Report
A people-first culture
8.0
Overall engagement score
+40% 
Employer Net Promoter Score (eNPS)
Gender pay gap
Year
Median 
%
Mean 
%
2024
24.21
33.31
2023
17.95
32.58
Change
6.26
0.73
Gender bonus gap
Year
Median 
%
Mean 
%
2024
50.01
67.74
2023
51.30
68.93
Change
-1.29
-1.19
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
De-risking the energy transition
Being a responsible business
Appendix
32
Empowering people 
Introduction


---