# Page 35

Embedding sustainability across our operations
We are continuously working to integrate 
sustainable practices across our 
business, so that our growth aligns with 
our environmental responsibility. As 
regulations evolve, we remain proactive in 
implementing solutions that reduce and 
offset our environmental impact.
Net zero by 2040 
In 2024, we calculated our greenhouse 
gas emissions using 2023 as our 
baseline. We are focused on achieving 
net zero across our buildings, transport, 
and purchased goods and services1,2 by 
20403. Our emissions reduction targets 
are currently aligned with climate science 
aimed at limiting global warming to 1.5°C 
above pre-industrial levels.
Our Sustainability and Climate Advisory 
teams are working with businesses 
across Howden to develop a transition 
plan that outlines the necessary actions 
and governance frameworks to enable us 
to meet our net-zero target.4,5 
Greenhouse gas emissions and 
energy usage 
We calculate our operational emissions 
in line with the GHG Protocol, leveraging 
Salesforce’s Net Zero Cloud software 
as our carbon accounting platform. This 
tool enables us to address the challenges 
and complexities of collecting and 
managing data within a decentralised 
operating model.
Since establishing our global greenhouse 
gas emissions baseline in 2023, we have 
continued to enhance our data collection 
efforts across Howden entities, helping 
so that our figures accurately reflect 
our ongoing business growth both 
organically and through acquisitions 
in 2024. 
As our business has expanded, our 
employee headcount has increased, 
influencing our overall emissions profile. 
To further enhance transparency and 
credibility, we have also initiated third-
party verification of our emissions data 
and calculations.
Like many professional services 
organisations, the majority of our 
emissions fall into Scope 3, including 
but not limited to business travel, 
purchased goods and services, waste 
generated in our operations, and 
employee commuting.
Looking ahead to 2025 and beyond, 
we will continue exploring further 
opportunities to reduce our global 
emissions while enhancing our data 
collection efforts for purchased goods 
and services.
Energy efficiency actions
In the UK, we have appointed a new 
energy management service provider 
to take a more holistic approach to 
improving energy management across 
our UK operations. Through this 
partnership, we are reviewing how we 
purchase energy and adopting a more 
coordinated approach to collecting 
and managing our utility data. This 
will enhance the reliability of our 
emission data, enabling us to measure 
environmental performance more 
effectively, and prioritise improvements 
to minimise our impact.
Our newly refurbished offices in 
Manchester and Milton Keynes have 
been awarded SKA Silver and Gold 
Certifications, respectively. A sustainable 
building assessment standard, SKA is 
designed specifically for building fit-out 
and refurbishment projects. It recognises 
efforts across a range of good practice 
measures, including reducing energy 
use and carbon emissions, reducing 
waste, and enhancing wellbeing through 
thoughtful design. 
Despite the challenges of working 
with a historically complex building in 
Manchester, both renovation project 
teams were committed to implementing 
sustainable and efficient solutions. 
Manchester’s certification was supported 
by low-carbon measures such as the 
installation of electric heating systems; 
LED lighting systems linked to occupancy 
and daylight sensors, eco-friendly paints 
and varnishes with low VOCs to improve 
indoor air quality, diverting construction 
waste from landfill to improve recycling 
rates, and engaging with suppliers 
on take-back schemes. Across both 
sites, we focused on minimising the 
life cycle impact of materials, reducing 
waste through thoughtful design, and 
incorporating energy-efficient lighting 
linked to office occupancy.
Across our other UK offices, we have 
also replaced HVAC units with the latest 
energy-efficient models, improving 
overall efficiency and building controls. 
Additionally, we continue to upgrade 
existing incandescent lighting with 
energy-efficient LEDs throughout our 
UK estate.
We recognise our responsibility in 
addressing environmental challenges. 
As a global business operating in more 
than 50 countries, we are working 
to embed sustainability at the core 
of our operations – minimising our 
impact on the climate and protecting 
our natural environment.
Our approach to operational environmental sustainability 
1.	 Scope 1 and 2 emissions cover 95% of the total 
emissions from these categories across Howden. 
2.	 Scope 3 emissions covered in the target include 
only waste, purchased goods and services and 
travel.
3.	 Howden will use 2023 operational emissions as the 
baseline for measuring progress.
4.	 Emissions related to broking transactions are 
excluded from this target.
5.	 The scope of the target will be reviewed periodically 
to assess applicability and emission category 
materiality.
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
De-risking the energy transition
Empowering people 
Appendix
34
Being a responsible business
Introduction


---