# Page 36

Carbon offset projects
Supporting projects 
across the world
Case study
In 2024, we reviewed our carbon offset 
strategy and adopted elements of 
the Oxford Principles, a recognised 
framework for creating offset strategies 
that have meaningful impact. As a result, 
we increased both the geographical and 
technological diversity of our portfolio 
and placed a heightened emphasis 
on increasing the number of carbon 
removal projects that make up our 
portfolio. Additionally, we have selected 
projects that also provide biodiversity 
and socio-economic benefits to the 
surrounding communities. 
Lauder Common Project
Lauder Common, Scotland
In Scotland, we are supporting a project that 
involves planting 22 hectares of mostly native 
woodlands in a previously unforested area. 
Alongside carbon removal, this undertaking 
aims to improve biodiversity in the area 
through intervention management of 
native species.
Terrawatt 
Spain
Terrawatt is a company pioneering an 
innovative pyrolysis and methanisation plant 
in Spain with the aim of maximising the value 
of biomass waste by producing biochar, a 
carbon-rich material that sequesters carbon 
for hundreds to thousands of years.
Conhuas
Ejido Conhuas, Mexico
Based within a biological and hydrological 
priority region, this project focuses on 
afforestation and reforestation activities. 
By supporting this project, we aim to help 
enhance carbon sequestration in the 
area, restoring degraded ecosystems 
and promoting sustainable land use while 
conserving biodiversity. 
Carbono Forestal Ejido Pueblo
Sierra Madra Occidental, Mexico
Within the Sierra Madra Occidental mountain 
range in Mexico, we are supporting an 
initiative that aims to enhance forest 
growth, mitigate disturbance risks, and 
boost the economic viability of forestry 
for local communities. Through fostering 
forest growth and extending the rotation 
age of trees, this project aims to enhance 
carbon sequestration. 
Benban
Egypt
This project generates clean electricity, 
helping to address Egypt’s electricity 
shortages and exposure to volatile natural 
gas prices, while contributing to climate 
change mitigation through a clean and 
diverse energy mix. The project creates job 
opportunities both during the construction 
phase and during ongoing operations. 
Tradewater 
Jeddah, Saudi Arabia
Tradewater focuses on the collection, control, 
and responsible destruction of substances 
banned 40 years ago under the Montreal 
Protocol, but which were not disposed of. 
These substances have the potential to 
release powerful greenhouse gases, so 
preventing their release into the atmosphere 
through responsible destruction is crucial.
Delta Blue Mangrove Restoration 
Pakistan
For the second year in a row, we are 
supporting the world’s largest blue carbon 
project. Spanning 350,000 hectares of tidal 
wetlands, the project aims to protect and 
restores critical mangrove ecosystems, 
serving as a powerful natural carbon sink, 
while safeguarding coastal biodiversity.
Kuamut Forest Conservation Project
Sabah, Malaysia
This conservation project protects more 
than 80,000 hectares of tropical forest 
ecosystems. Eight surrounding villages are 
directly benefiting from receiving training, 
employment, and sustainable economic 
opportunities through improved access to 
non-timber forest products, improved water 
quality, and eco-tourism. 
Carboneers Biochar
Odisha and the Assam regions, India
This carbon removal project provides farmers 
with the technology and training to convert 
biomass into biochar. Biochar provides a 
carbon sink for over 1,000 years, and is used 
by farmers as a fertiliser to boost yields and 
aid in climate adaptivity by increasing the 
water-holding capacity of their land.
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
De-risking the energy transition
Empowering people 
Appendix
35
Being a responsible business
Introduction


---