# Page 37

Waste management
Optimising our waste practices 
462,133kg 
of plastic waste removed  
from the seas over four years
1,500
total employees engaged
Seven Clean Seas
Our partnership with Seven Clean Seas 
has been instrumental in scaling our 
efforts to combat plastic pollution and 
support community development. Since 
2020, what began as a beach clean-up 
initiative has evolved into a structured, 
large-scale programme that drives both 
environmental and social impact. 
In 2024, our support contributed to the 
removal of 462,133kg (462 tonnes) of 
plastic waste, significantly increasing 
the impact of Seven Clean Seas’ 
operations. Beyond waste removal, their 
work continues to create meaningful 
employment opportunities, with 106 
waste collectors now in formal, ethical 
jobs – providing stable income, social 
security, and healthcare benefits for 
underserved communities. Whilst Seven 
Clean Seas are supported by multiple 
partners, Howden is proud to be one 
of the largest funders helping to enable 
this growth. 
Restore UK
In the UK, we have partnered with 
Restore plc to reuse or recycle our old 
IT equipment. Through this partnership, 
we have saved over 11,877.74 kWh – the 
equivalent of the average annual energy 
supply of 2,160 homes. 
With funding from the Howden 
Foundation, amongst others, Seven Clean 
Seas has also launched a new innovation 
to tackle river plastic pollution at scale – 
the High Impact Plastic Pollution Remover 
(HIPPO). Powered by solar energy, the 
HIPPO has the capacity to remove up to 
1.4 million kilos of waste each year from 
the Chao Phraya River in Bangkok, one 
of the world’s most polluted waterways. 
This marks a significant step in stopping 
plastic at source before it reaches the 
ocean, with plans for further HIPPOs to be 
deployed in high-risk locations globally. 
By visiting project sites in Indonesia and 
Thailand, we have seen first-hand the 
impact of this work – not just in cleaning 
the environment but in building long‑term, 
sustainable livelihoods.
 
 Click here to find  
out more
We remain focused on a holistic waste 
management approach, actively 
supporting reduction initiatives both 
within and beyond our organisation. 
Globally, we encourage our employees, 
suppliers, and the landlords of our rented 
office spaces to take meaningful steps 
towards reducing waste.
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
De-risking the energy transition
Empowering people 
Appendix
36
Being a responsible business
Introduction


---