# Page 38

Governance, ethics and compliance
Policy goals
The group’s Principles of Business has 
been embedded across the organisation 
for several years. This incorporates 
the agreed minimum standards 
and ways of working, applicable to 
all entities regardless of size and 
jurisdiction. This includes core policies 
such as anti-bribery and corruption, 
whistleblowing, and financial crime, 
to name a few. 
Local entities are responsible for 
reviewing the group’s Principles for 
Business and Policies and incorporating 
them into their policies and monitoring 
processes. Issues are escalated by 
exception through the relevant risk 
committee which ultimately are reported 
as risk events in the Group ERICCA 
committee and Group Risk committee 
if considered significant to the group. 
Evidence of this reporting is available 
in the packs and minutes of these 
two committees.
To promote a focus on future growth 
and strategic targets, our group-wide 
policy framework is currently undergoing 
enhancement with the introduction of a 
Policy Hub (repository for access to all 
group policies), and additional training 
support from third party providers. 
Compliance training is set and overseen 
at a local level by compliance/HR 
functions across the group, with content 
tailored to the applicable local legal/ 
regulatory context.
Financial crime 
Howden has a zero-tolerance approach 
to all types of financial crime including 
bribery and corruption. The controls in 
place include a group-level minimum 
standards policy, trading entity policies 
and procedures, annual mandatory online 
training for all staff, client screening to 
identify sanctions, PEP and adverse 
media exposure, financial crime risk 
assessment, whistleblowing policy and 
anonymous speak-up call service. We 
require the full registration of all given 
and received gifts and entertainment 
with compliance oversight as well as 
compliance oversight and approval of all 
charitable and corporate donations. 
Human rights and labour rights
At Howden, we believe that respecting 
human rights and labour rights is not 
just a legal obligation but a moral 
imperative. Recognising the importance 
and advancement of human rights as an 
issue is integral to our core business and 
operations as a global employer.
We aim to adhere to the highest 
standards of human rights and labour 
rights, supporting fair and ethical 
treatment of all our employees and 
stakeholders. Our focus is grounded 
in the principles contained within the 
Universal Declaration of Human Rights 
and the International Labour Organization 
Core Conventions on Labour Standards.
Guiding actions with integrity and oversight 
We embed ethical and 
responsible policies, processes 
and processes into daily 
operations, empowering our 
people to exceed high standards 
of integrity.
Risk management 
Howden is a large and diverse 
organisation, which increasingly faces 
a broad range of risks affecting various 
aspects of its businesses, which could 
impact financial results, reputational 
image, operations or strategic 
decisions, to name a few. In order to 
achieve management’s objectives and 
expectations for the business, it is 
necessary to manage its risks effectively 
whilst striving to preserve value through a 
robust risk management framework. 
A Group Risk Management framework 
has been established and is being 
embedded, seeking to identify and 
monitor pertinent risks across the 
organisation, supporting informed 
decision-making, and so that appropriate 
internal controls are designed to 
mitigate the downside and maximise 
the potential upside of risks. Under the 
framework, reporting entities will align 
their identified risks to a standardised 
Group Risk Library, from which key risks 
are consolidated and reported upwards 
to the group board via the Group Risk 
committee on a quarterly basis.
The Group Risk Committee is responsible 
for overseeing the organisation’s 
significant risk exposures and the 
associated actions taken by management 
to monitor and mitigate these risks, 
where possible. This includes the risk 
events escalation and horizon risk 
identification process. 
ESG risks
The ESG & Sustainability committee 
sits under the board to advise on ESG 
risks. This committee is supported by 
management representatives from 
multiple business areas, divisions 
and specialist skillsets to review 
and challenge the group’s stance 
on significant ESG related risks. 
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
De-risking the energy transition
Empowering people 
Appendix
37
Being a responsible business
Introduction


---