# Page 39

We strictly prohibit the use of forced 
labour, child labour, slavery, and human 
trafficking in any form. We maintain 
zero tolerance for any practices that 
compromise the dignity and rights 
of individuals. 
To protect labour rights, we provide a safe 
and healthy working environment and 
promote fair wages. We are dedicated 
to fostering inclusion, prohibiting any 
form of discrimination, and supporting 
equal opportunities for all employees 
irrespective of their background.
Our whistleblowing policy encourages 
employees to report any concerns related 
to human rights violations or unethical 
practices without fear of retaliation. 
We have established clear channels 
for addressing grievances and so that 
remedial actions are taken promptly.
To date, no infringements on human 
rights have been reported. However, 
any human rights risk identified would 
be escalated through the appropriate 
governance channels to address and 
remedy. We continually review and 
update our human rights and labour 
rights policies to align with evolving 
global standards and best practices.
Governance, ethics and compliance
Whistleblowing
As an employee-led organisation, the 
business takes any form of wrongdoing 
very seriously. The wellbeing and integrity 
of our employees and business is of 
paramount importance to us and for 
that reason, we encourage all individuals 
to raise any concerns that they may 
have about the conduct of others in the 
business or the way in which the business 
is run. 
As part of our whistleblowing reporting 
process, we use Safecall, a global, 
independent and confidential reporting 
service. Safecall provides a completely 
confidential service to individuals 
who wish to raise any concerns they 
have, if for any reason they are unable 
to do so with their line manager in 
the first instance. Contact details 
are also available via the company 
website, for external third parties or 
counterparties, e.g. customers, suppliers 
and business partners.
The Group Chief Risk Officer provides 
a formal report to the Group Board and 
Group Risk Committee on at least an 
annual basis, as to the status and themes 
from all whistleblowing cases raised. 
Supply chain management
Our focus to being a responsible 
business extends to our supply chain 
and sourcing activities. Given the nature 
of our operations and our geographical 
spread, we employ a decentralised 
procurement model that leverages local 
buying and operational team members. 
Each business is managed locally, 
with tailored policies and procedures 
that comply with relevant regulations 
and practices, allowing for effective 
management of our operations 
and suppliers. 
To achieve our sustainability goals, we 
work with a trusted network of strategic 
delivery partners and vendors whose 
sustainability priorities align with 
ours. By working with those focused 
on developing sustainable products, 
enhancing energy efficiency, and driving 
the transition to clean energy, we can 
effectively mitigate the impacts of 
climate change. 
We have continued to roll out our vendor 
risk management tool to evaluate vendor 
engagements and identify vendors 
for further third-party monitoring and 
due diligence questionnaires. Since its 
inception, over 350 vendors have been 
and continue to be monitored via our 
VRM tool, and more than 150 of these 
have been issued DDQs for completion. 
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
De-risking the energy transition
Empowering people 
Appendix
38
Being a responsible business
Introduction


---