# Page 40

Cyber security 
Incident management response 
We have a well-defined and practiced 
incident-response plan, allowing for 
prompt response to any suspicious 
activity, initial triaging, investigation 
and resolution, ending with ‘lessons 
learned’ activities, so that any 
resulting improvements are made 
to mitigate reoccurrence.
In conjunction with the incident 
management process, detailed 
instructions are in place to deal with the 
varying types of cyber incidents that have 
been identified via a risk-based approach. 
They fall into the following categories:
•	 Network service attacks
•	 Digital threat attacks
•	 Endpoint protection attacks
•	 End user triggered attacks
•	 External breaches
Cyber risk management
Our proactive risk management approach 
covers management of technical risks 
leveraging advanced threat management 
tools, continuous monitoring, and 
technical scanning – ensuring 
vulnerabilities are identified and mitigated 
before they can be exploited.
Via our third-party management risk 
processes, we enforce stringent security 
requirements for vendors and partners 
ensuring their systems align with our 
own cyber security standards from 
service introduction and BAU service to 
offboarding at relationship end. 
Howden’s Group IT division also directly 
links into the businesses enterprise 
governance risk framework so that 
senior leaders are aware of cyber issues 
and information.
Security certifications
Our security certifications, including ISO 
27001:2022, Cyber Essentials, and PCI 
DSS, mean that we regularly check in with 
ourselves to ensure these high standards 
are maintained and continuously 
improved upon, and allow us to tangibly 
demonstrate this to our stakeholders.
Training and awareness
Human error is always one of the biggest 
threats and is a leading cause of cyber 
incidents. Understanding this, we 
maintain a comprehensive cyber security 
training programme for our people. 
•	 All employees receive mandatory 
cyber security training throughout the 
year, alongside data protection and 
corporate governance training. 
•	 Phishing campaigns targeting all users 
are held at regular intervals across the 
group and the results are monitored 
and remedied.
•	 We hold cyber awareness weeks and 
publicise cyber security protocols 
around our offices via different 
business communications methods. 
Governance
Our cyber security strategy, 
management, and programmes are under 
the direction of the Howden Group Chief 
Information Security Officer (CISO). 
The CISO reports to the Group CIO. The 
CIO and CISO provide regular updates 
on the status of cyber security to our 
Group Leadership team, and quarterly 
to members of the Audit committee. 
We also run a quarterly Cyber and Data 
Oversight committee with a detailed 
review of security and data protection 
risks and programmes. We have defined 
a group cyber security standard control 
framework which is used to assess the 
maturity of our companies globally, with 
a scoring metric reviewed at the audit 
and risk committee level to ensure that all 
companies are maintaining the standard. 
We are externally audited annually by 
our private equity investors as well as 
our external auditor EY and our ISO 
Certification Body.
Our approach to AI 
The use of AI across all industries 
is growing, and so that Howden is 
responsive to the latest wave of this 
technology and its risks, we published an 
AI policy at the end of 2024. This group 
AI Policy aims to balance the benefits 
of AI with potential risk to Howden, its 
employees, assets and reputation, while 
promoting understanding and adherence 
to applicable laws and best practices. 
We understand that employees use 
AI to help them execute certain work-
related tasks, and we expect this usage 
to only increase. Approved tools are 
key to our policy, and offer employees 
safe and secure technology options, 
that have been subject to review and 
risk assessment. 
Governance will be a key focus for 2025 
as we move into the newly regulated 
AI landscape. The EU AI Act brings 
new considerations for the business 
on our approach and priorities for AI 
governance. With our business spanning 
the world, the EU AI Act will be an 
important piece of legislation that will 
shape how we approach AI risk. 
We are optimistic around the 
opportunities AI can offer our business, 
particularly when looking at Howden’s 
growth strategy. We are seeing demand 
across the business, from use cases that 
support and enhance activities in our 
broking functions, to use cases which are 
driving efficiency in operations.
Safeguarding our digital ecosystem
Cyber security and 
protection of our 
data and assets is 
one of our highest 
priorities, so that 
we deliver our 
services securely 
and provide 
our clients and 
stakeholders 
the confidence 
they need. 
Cyber security 
Investing in technologies which help 
mature our security approach and 
increase governance and operational 
resilience is an ongoing process 
so that we maintain a strong cyber 
security posture.
Our cyber security framework
Our cyber strategy is based on strong 
governance and policy management, 
with a continual focus on risk and threat 
management, including proactive 
mitigation, carefully designed technical 
systems and controls, good cyber 
hygiene, and a well‑defined and practiced 
incident-response plan.
We take a holistic approach to cyber 
protection. We understand that there 
is much more to cyber protection and 
understand that there is much more to it 
than just security tooling. None-the-less, 
good deployment of these tools and their 
tuning ensures all other components of 
our cyber security defences are in place.
Our security technology
•	 Endpoint protection: advanced 
anti-malware, intrusion detection, 
and response systems.
•	 Encryption: industry-standard 
encryption protocols to secure data 
in transit and at rest.
•	 Network security: firewalls, secure 
gateways, to minimise unauthorised 
access.
•	 Proactive vulnerability management: 
this ensures our environment is 
always up to date with the latest 
patches deployed.
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
De-risking the energy transition
Empowering people 
Appendix
39
Being a responsible business
Introduction


---