# Page 44

This report has been prepared by 
Howden Group Holdings (Howden), which 
in some instances includes information 
regarding Howden Group Holdings 
together with its subsidiaries.
The information provided in this 
report reflects Howden’s approach 
to sustainability as of the date of its 
publication and is subject to change 
without notice. Except as required by law, 
Howden does not undertake to update 
any such information in this report, 
whether as a result of new information, 
future events, or otherwise. While 
reasonable care has been taken to ensure 
that the facts stated are fair, clear, and 
not misleading, Howden does not warrant 
or represent (expressly or impliedly) the 
accuracy, completeness, or fitness for 
purpose or use of any information in 
this report. Any opinions expressed may 
be subject to change without notice. 
Howden accepts no liability whatsoever 
for any direct, indirect, or consequential 
loss or damage arising out of the use of 
all or any of the data or information in 
this report. No part of this document may 
be redistributed, copied, or reproduced 
without prior written consent of Howden.
Any references to ‘sustainability’, ‘ESG’, 
or similar terms in this report are intended 
as references to the internally defined 
criteria of Howden only, as applicable, and 
not to any jurisdiction-specific regulatory 
definition. There is a lack of harmonisation 
globally in relation to sustainability, and 
regulatory reform may lead to a risk of 
fragmentation as a result of the differing 
pace of the sustainability transition across 
jurisdictions, which may also impact the 
approach that Howden is required to 
take in this area. Howden’s approach to 
the inclusion of information in this report 
differs from disclosures included in 
mandatory regulatory reporting.
While this report may describe events, 
including potential future events, that 
may be significant, any significance 
does not necessarily equate to the level 
of materiality of disclosures required 
under applicable laws. This report is not 
intended to, nor can it be relied upon 
to, create any legal relations, rights, 
or obligations.
The goals, targets, and commitments 
discussed in this report are aspirational. 
As such, no guarantees or promises are 
made that any such goals, targets, or 
commitments will be met. In addition, 
Howden’s ability to measure many of its 
goals and targets is dependent on data 
or estimates that, in some instances, is 
measured, tracked, and provided by its 
clients, other stakeholders, and third-
party data providers; Howden’s ability 
to measure progress toward its goals 
and targets is subject to the quality and 
availability of such data, and estimates. 
Numerous factors could cause Howden’s 
actual results to differ materially 
from those described, including the 
potential impact of legal and regulatory 
obligations, changes in circumstances, 
and assumptions not being realised .
This report does not and should not be 
deemed to constitute an advertisement 
or marketing of Howden’s products 
and/or services or an advertisement to 
the public. No reports, documents, or 
websites that are cited or referred to in 
this report shall be deemed to form part 
of this report. Information contained 
in this report has been obtained from 
sources, including those publicly 
available, believed to be reliable, but no 
representation or warranty is made by 
Howden as to the quality, completeness, 
accuracy, fitness for a particular purpose, 
or non-infringement of such information. 
Howden is not under any obligation to 
verify or validate third-party information 
used in this report and is not liable for the 
adequacy, accuracy, or completeness 
of such information. Data relied upon in 
this report may be produced based on 
methodologies that are not transparent 
to Howden, and the data used and 
underlying methodologies are subject to 
change without notice.
This report and the data contained herein 
has not been externally assured, verified 
or audited by a third party.
Howden Group Holdings
Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
De-risking the energy transition
Empowering people 
Being a responsible business
43
Appendix
Introduction


---