# Page 10

 Howden Group Holdings 2023 Sustainability Report 
10
The total population of world cities is projected to  
grow from 4.2 billion in 2018, to 8.7 billion by 2050.*  
This migration drives an urgent need to build resilience 
and focus on adaptation planning in the fight against 
climate change.  
In partnership with Resilient Cities Network, we launched 
the Global Risk and Resilience Fellowship in 2022. 
Focused on embedding insurance expertise at the heart 
of city resilience, it brings together city leaders with a 
deep understanding of urban resilience challenges and 
those with the expertise and resources to overcome 
those challenges. The objective being to collaboratively 
develop solutions that empower cities to build a safe, 
equitable, and sustainable future for all. 
In 2023, five insurance professionals (“Fellows”) were 
placed into city leadership teams to work on specific 
resilience challenges. The cities selected were Glasgow, 
UK; Greater Miami & the Beaches, USA; Melaka, Malaysia; 
Cities are the engines for implementing the 
sustainable development goals, which provide  
a blueprint for achieving global sustainability.*
Supporting urban 
resilience planning:  
The Hague, Netherlands; and Surat, India. Over the 
course of each three-to-six-month placement, Fellows 
and city leaders worked together to consider how to 
use insurance sector expertise and the power of risk 
transfer to bridge the resilience gaps identified by city 
leaders and support long-term sustainable growth. 
The fellowship successfully contributed to building 
resilience in every city. These shocks and stresses 
however, affect each city differently; therefore, 
addressing each city’s challenge required tailored 
advice from the Fellows and led to unique outcomes  
in each city. 
These outcomes, and the work conducted in each city  
are discussed in detail in this report. 
*The total population of world cities is projected to grow from 4.2 billion in 2018,  
to 8.7 billion by 2050. A big data approach to assess progress towards Sustainable 
Development Goals for cities of varying sizes,published in Communications Earth  
& Environment in 2023. (access here)
Changing the insurance narrative


---