# Page 11

Building resilience through collaboration 
 Howden Group Holdings 2023 Sustainability Report 
11
Changing the insurance narrative
Insurance Development  
Forum 
We continue to work with the Insurance Development 
Forum (IDF) as a member of the Sovereign and 
Humanitarian Solutions (SHS) working group. 
The overarching objective of the SHS working group 
is to address the insurance needs of sovereigns, sub- 
sovereigns, international institutions, and humanitarian 
agencies in programmes and territories that are usually 
supported by donors or developments banks. 
The IDF is a public/private partnership led by the 
insurance industry and supported by international 
organisations. 
The IDF was first announced at the United Nations 
Conference of the Parties (COP21) Paris Climate  
summit in 2015 and draws on a broad membership, 
from insurers, reinsurers and insurance brokers to 
regulators and international institutions such as  
the World Bank. 
David Howden, CEO of Howden, is a member of the IDF 
Steering Group and Rowan Douglas, CEO, Climate Risk & 
Resilience, Howden, chairs the IDF Operating Committee. 
Read more about the IDF
Sustainable Markets  
Initiative   
We are an active member of the Sustainable Market’s 
Initiative Insurance Taskforce.  
Launched by the former Prince of Wales, the  
Sustainable Markets Initiative’s (SMI) mission is to build  
a coordinated global effort to enable the private sector 
to accelerate the transition to a sustainable future.  
Chaired by Lloyd’s CEO John Neal, the Insurance 
Taskforce was established in 2021 to develop innovative 
new insurance products and services, and critical 
financial and risk management support across industries 
and geographies to drive positive change.  
This year, we collaborated with the SMI to drive several 
initiatives, including the launch of the Global Risk and 
Resilience Fellowship. Read more
United Nations  
Development Programme  
In June 2023, we were appointed by The United Nations 
Development Programme (UNDP) via a public tender 
process to identify the insurable risks and arrange 
insurance cover for the non-standard ship-to-ship  
(STS) transfer oil from a floating storage and  
offloading facility (FSO). Read more


---