# Page 12

Helping vulnerable 
communities 
financially prepare  
for the future  
We are committed to finding scalable ways to empower 
communities disproportionately affected by climate 
change to be better financially prepared for disasters. 
Experience shows that building resilience in these 
communities is one of the surest ways to limit the 
devastating impacts of climate-induced disasters and 
support recovery.  
In pursuit of this goal, over the past two years, Howden 
has provided over US$600,000 to support innovative 
pilot projects that make insurance and risk modelling 
expertise available to those who need it most. 
This includes, but is not limited to, projects responding 
to extreme weather events in India, Belize, the 
Philippines, Jamaica, Rwanda and Fiji. 
In Fiji, we partnered with the UNCDF to protect those 
most vulnerable to damage from tropical cyclones and 
floods. This resulted in payments being transferred 
directly into the mobile wallets of 536 beneficiaries 
within 10 days of the event. 
We are in the process of establishing an independent 
charitable trust to scale this model. Its goal is to mobilise 
$2bn of insurance limit annually in partnership with 
those on the ground responding to disasters driven  
by climate change.
Over the past two years, 
Howden has provided 
over US$600,000 to 
support innovative  
pilot projects
 Howden Group Holdings 2023 Sustainability Report 
12
Changing the insurance narrative
 Howden Group Holdings 2023 Sustainability Report 


---