# Page 13

In 2023 we created Howden Climate Parametrics,  
a global practice that brings together (re)insurance, 
climate, and data expertise to focus parametric risk 
transfer solutions on meeting the escalating demand 
for de-risking capabilities across industries, financial 
markets and public sector. 
The practice focuses on harnessing key partnerships, 
data, analytics and modelling resource to create 
parametric products that build resilience to multiple 
hazards and support decarbonisation. 
The practice builds on solutions that we have delivered 
in partnership to date, such as for smallholder farmers  
in Jamaica and those living near 10 active volcanoes,  
as well as two marine protected areas in the Philippines 
and Belize. 
What is Parametric insurance?
Where traditional indemnity insurance pays out based 
on a measured loss, a parametric payout corresponds  
to the magnitude of an event.  
This means no protracted claims process, which  
makes the payouts quick and transparent and is 
essential for financial institutions looking to hedge 
exposure to weather, carbon or commodity risks  
and for humanitarian agencies seeking non-political, 
urgent resources after a disaster.  
Critically, these payouts can also be triggered before  
an event. Using advanced technology and analytics, it is 
possible to predict extreme climate events, enabling us 
to structure insurance that reliably releases funds upon 
a certain data point being recorded. 
This means that in the case of low rainfall, for example, 
funds can be released before the drought hits, allowing 
communities to prepare and divert a disaster from 
becoming a crisis. 
Pioneered in the reinsurance and energy markets, 
parametric insurance offers pre-determined 
payouts based on specified trigger events. 
Parametric  
insurance 
 Howden Group Holdings 2023 Sustainability Report 
13
Changing the insurance narrative
 Howden Group Holdings 2023 Sustainability Report 


---