# Page 14

Cycle of under-investment: Lack of cover blocks 
access to productivity-enhancing inputs and 
technologies in subsequent growing sessions
Case study 1: No cover
Building preparedness  
on the climate frontline 
There are over 608 million smallholder farmers 
worldwide, who provide 80% of domestic food 
production in Africa and Asia, and 35% of the world’s 
food. They face increasing frequency and severity of 
climate shocks,  but often lack access to the tools 
required to mitigate them. 
Insurance gives these farmers certainty and the 
confidence to invest in their futures, which can increase 
productivity by 16%* and has a wider positive impact  
on poverty alleviation, health, education and mitigation  
of excess rural out-migration, even in circumstances  
where claims are not triggered. 
This is because smallholders with access to the safety 
net provided by insurance are empowered to invest  
and help break entrenched poverty cycles. 
We are on a mission to help expand parametric 
protection through premium support to cover hundreds 
of millions of smallholder farmers. In 2023 we partnered 
with Global Parametrics (GP) and One Acre Fund (1AF) 
to support their scheme that previously reached almost 
175,000 smallholder farmers in Tanzania and Malawi. 
We provided premium subsidy to help expand the  
scheme, allowing 1AF to purchase more coverage  
for smallholder farmers vulnerable to extreme weather 
risks in a landlocked country where agriculture is  
a mainstay of the economy. The scheme is now  
targeting protection for 800,000 people in Rwanda. 
One Acre Fund (1AF) is a nonprofit servicing low  
income farmers (oneacrefund.org). 
As the following diagram shows, the cumulative impact 
of these benefits can be to spur a virtuous cycle of 
reinvestment at the farm level – in contrast to the  
vicious cycle of under-investment that threatens 
smallholders who lack adequate mechanisms to  
manage external shocks.
*Read more in our report here
Case study
Cycle of reinvestment: Insurance cover enables 
access to improved farm inputs and technologies  
in subsequent growing sessions
Case study 2: Parametric cover
Farmer takes out  loan
Buys seeds
Buys seeds
Obtains parametric  
insurance cover
Risk occurence
(e.g. excessive rain, drought)
Experiences  
low yields
Experiences  
low yields
Farmer repays loan and 
can take another
Farmer cannot 
repay loan
Does not receive 
compensation
Receives 
compensation
Risk occurence
(e.g. excessive rain, drought)
Does not 
obtain cover
14
 Howden Group Holdings 2023 Sustainability Report 
Changing the insurance narrative


---