# Page 15

This innovative initiative has the potential to 
protect vulnerable countries from climate-
related losses with pre-arranged financing 
at a large scale, unlocking the risk capital 
markets to multiply the impact of donor 
funds. Mobilising private finance alongside 
the new loss and damage fund  
is crucial in addressing these impacts,  
and more such initiatives are needed. 
Dr Mahmoud Mohieldin,  
UN Climate Change High-Level Champion for Egypt
 Howden Group Holdings 2023 Sustainability Report 
15
* At COP28 in Dubai, the creation of a Loss and Damage Fund was agreed, with an initial USD 700M 
in pledges. The scope and operating modalities of the fund are yet to be confirmed. Potential L&D 
recipient refers to countries in the Global South with attributes that may qualify for L&D support.
Securing the financial  
future of climate  
vulnerable countries  
Loss and damage (L&D) encompasses the negative 
impacts of climate change that occur despite efforts  
to mitigate and adapt. We believe that the private  
sector has a vital role to play in the global response  
to the challenge that disproportionately affects the 
Global South.
In 2023 we contributed to a report by the University 
of Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership, 
offering a compelling action plan. The proposed solution 
uses the power of insurance and capital markets 
to dramatically scale up the impact of L&D funding, 
showing that millions of dollars of premium could be 
transformed into billions of dollars of financial protection 
for vulnerable countries across the Global South. 
The research found that the smallest, most vulnerable 
countries currently risk losing over 100% of their GDP 
from extreme climate shocks. Clearly an intolerable 
scenario and adding to this stark reality, these Small 
Island Developing States (SIDS) and other vulnerable 
countries bear these threats almost alone.  
Despite the growing risks, modelling also revealed  
that these economies should remain insurable to  
2050 and beyond. By understanding the risk to the  
entire economy, the research showed how insurance 
can cap the loss of GDP from climate risks at 10% for 
these SIDS and that $1bn of pure premium can secure 
around $75bn of protection. The paper also showed  
how insurance approaches could be scaled to protect 
other potential L&D recipient countries* from their 
highest priority risks. 
We presented this research alongside the University  
of Cambridge at COP28 (see page 16) and called  
upon donors to use the power of insurance and  
capital markets to dramatically scale up the impact  
of L&D funding.  
Since the launch, we have been working hard to turn this 
call to action into a reality. Conversations with potential 
donors continue and awareness is building within the 
L&D community.
ase
Case study
100%
loss of GDP for the world’s  
most vulnerable countries from 
extreme climate shocks 
Changing the insurance narrative


---