# Page 16

Spotlight on COP28
16
 Howden Group Holdings 2023 Sustainability Report 
Changing the insurance narrative
The 28th United Nations climate 
change conference (COP28) took 
place from 30 November to  
13 December 2023 in Dubai, 
United Arab Emirates. 
A group from our Climate Risk & Resilience team, led by 
our CEO David Howden, attended COP28 to collaborate, 
drive action and demonstrate how insurance plays a vital 
role in driving climate solutions.  
We used the stage and forum to explain how insurance 
is a force for good; supporting clients, their industries 
and wider markets, as well as wider society, both through 
the resilient and low-carbon transition, and by protecting 
lives and livelihoods. 
We achieved this by delivering three core messages  
at the conference, showing how insurance can: 
Empower vulnerable communities to  
be financially prepared for disasters 
David Howden’s keynote     
Watch the keynote speech at COP28 building on  
the announcement of a ground-breaking piece of 
research with the University of Cambridge which 
demonstrates how insurance can help unlock and  
scale L&D funding. Watch here
Principal Partner of the Island of Hope    
As principal partner of the Island of Hope, part of  
the Climate Action Innovation Zone (CAIZ), we hosted  
a key panel to discuss our solution to the challenge  
of L&D. Watch here
Roundtables
•	 Building Preparedness and Protection in  
Smallholder Agriculture. 
•	 A Solution to the Challenge of L&D.
Supporting urban resilience planning
COP28 Business and Philanthropy Climate Forum     
The COP28 Presidency hosted the Business and 
Philanthropy Climate Forum (BPCF) in partnership  
with the Sustainable Market’s Initiative (SMI). The  
forum brought together private sector leaders to 
contribute to the transformation of global economic 
activities and work as a catalyst for change.
Enable and de-risk the transition by deploying 
insurance tools to help speed and scale the  
flow of capital. 
Insurance – the great enabler    
Rowan Douglas, CEO of Climate Risk & Resilience, 
delivered his keynote on the power of insurance  
across the energy transition.  
Click here to read some insight from Rowan and  
watch his keynote on the outcomes that revealed  
that insurance has become an essential ingredient  
to speed and scale the climate transition. 
Roundtables
•	 Financing the Energy Transition: the Role  
of the Financial Sector. 
•	 Delivering the Confidence to Move at the  
Speed and Scale Required.  
Podcast with Andy Cox, Head of Energy Transition     
At COP28 Andy joined joined David Weston, Editor-in-
Chief at FORESIGHT Climate and Energy on the Energy 
Enablers to explain the role of insurance in enabling the 
energy transition. Listen here


---