# Page 18

As a business spanning more than 100 territories, 
sustainability crosses geographies, teams and 
functions, and requires all parts of our business to work 
together to make progress. As the focus only increases 
and regulations evolve, we are working to minimise our 
environmental footprint. Our commitments are:
Reduce emissions across our buildings,  
business operations, travel and value chain 
wherever possible.  
Reduce waste by working closely with our 
suppliers, to reduce waste generated by our 
offices and employees, and to promote best 
practice amongst our employees, to reduce,  
reuse, and recycle.
Raise awareness by engaging with our 
stakeholders to demonstrate the positive steps 
that our employees, clients, contractors, supply 
chain can take to reduce their impact.
To enable to us to meet our objectives and make  
a positive impact, in 2023 we expanded our specialist 
central sustainability team to match our growing 
commitment to the continual improvement in our 
environmental performance management, to  
support Howden and advise its businesses  
to meet their objectives. 
The team works to provide multiple key services vital 
to achieving our sustainability goals. Supporting the 
Global Leadership team, it provides oversight on key 
environmental issues. 
It also provides our businesses across the world  
with advice and insight on best sustainable practices, 
tracks our environmental impact, maintains up-to-date 
reporting standards to ensure transparency among all 
stakeholders, and assures compliance with all relevant 
environmental laws and regulatory requirements.
We recognise the responsibility we have in tackling 
some of the world’s biggest environmental 
challenges, none more so than climate change.
Our approach to  
environmental  
sustainability 
18
 Howden Group Holdings 2023 Sustainability Report 
Being a responsible business


---