# Page 19

Greenhouse gas emissions 
In 2023 we laid the groundwork for our environmental 
impact strategy. Our primary goal was to 
comprehensively assess our global emissions.  
In order to overcome the challenges and complexities 
of gathering and managing data in a decentralised 
operating model, we implemented Salesforce’s Net  
Zero Cloud. 
This carbon accounting platform provides us with the 
necessary tools and framework to track, monitor and 
manage our emissions data. 
Working across many offices and retail units globally,  
of which in the majority of cases, we are dependent  
on our landlords to share data on the total building 
usage of gas, electricity, steam and water, along with 
waste stream volumes, from which we then need  
to calculate our usage. 
As we look ahead as a group, our task now is to use  
our data-led insights to develop and set credible  
net-zero goals both in the near and long-term, and  
to build and implement robust carbon reductions 
plans across Howden.
Scope 3 emissions    
Our scope 3 emissions make up the majority of  
our global emissions footprint, and in 2023 we have  
begun to identify with more accuracy the categories in  
which these emissions will be tracked and calculated.  
These include purchased goods and services;  
business travel; waste generated in our operations;  
and employee commuting. 
Given our scale and the multiple geographies across 
which we operate, business travel emissions account  
for a large proportion of our scope 3 emissions.  
Working with a new travel partner, we have enhanced 
our ability to more accurately track employee travel 
emissions across the group and will explore how we 
can reduce our travel impact through and evolving 
technologies and pioneering innovations.
Looking ahead, we are also expanding our sustainable 
procurement efforts, which will better facilitate the 
collection of emissions data based on our purchased 
goods and services.
19
 Howden Group Holdings 2023 Sustainability Report 
Being a responsible business


---