# Page 20

Supporting carbon 
offset projects   
As a global business with operations across more 
than 115 territories, we have expanded and diversified 
our offset portfolio across multiple geographies to 
select projects that not only mitigate the impact of 
climate and biodiversity but also bring socio-economic 
benefits to local communities that live and work around 
these projects.
TANZANIA
Makame  
savannah redd+ - 
Land grabbing, encroachment 
and conversion of forests to 
agricultural land are all issues 
that contribute to the climate 
and biodiversity crisis. Through 
our funding, we’re helping this 
project to reduce deforestation 
and prevent emissions generated 
through tree harvesting and 
clearing land for agriculture.
MEXICO
Biodigestors
This waste to fuel project reduces 
methane emissions on subsistence 
farms with the help of biodigesters. 
This project increases access to 
biodigesters that transform manure 
into resources that cut down costs 
for farmers. By supporting this 
project, we are aiding the transition 
to regenerative agriculture and 
breaking down financial barriers to 
reduce inequality.
INDIA
Bricks for residential and  
commercial buildings
In India, we’re funding and supporting the 
energy-efficient production of bricks and 
concrete blocks using renewable local 
agricultural biomass in place of fossil fuels. 
Fly ash waste from a nearby thermal power 
plant is integrated into the production 
process, and trapping this waste results  
in less water usage and air pollution. 
PAKISTAN
Delta blue carbon  
mangrove restoration 
The world’s largest blue carbon project 
is rooted in 350,000 hectares of tidal 
wetlands in Pakistan and it supports the 
protection, restoration, and sustainable 
management of a vital mangrove forest 
ecosystem. These wetlands provide fertile 
ground for sequestering and storing vast 
amounts of atmospheric carbon. On top 
of this, the project prevents habitat and 
coastal biodiversity loss, protecting many 
different species of native animals, and 
provides job opportunities to people in  
the local communities. 
UNITED KINGDOM
Regenerative  
farming soil  
carbon credits 
We are keen to support innovative initiatives, 
and Blaston Farm is one of the first projects 
of its kind in the UK to offer measured soil 
carbon credits. By employing methods such 
as direct drilling of arable crops, diverse crop 
rotations and integrated livestock grazing, 
the farm has enhanced its soil health and 
biodiversity; and established a sustainable 
business model, while sequestering carbon. 
MADAGASCAR
Solar and efficient cook stoves 
This project builds and distributes efficient solar cook 
stoves to families and communities in the area to reduce 
open-fire cooking. The project also aids the adoption of this 
more carbon-efficient equipment by providing training and 
educational awareness activities. By doing so, the scheme 
aims to reduce deforestation and air pollution while increasing 
local employment and alleviating a significant financial burden 
faced by low-income households in Madagascar. 
20
 Howden Group Holdings 2023 Sustainability Report 
Being a responsible business


---