# Page 21

Source
Quantity
Weight (kg)
Recycling
639
3,788
Remarketing
1,199
5,679
Redeployment/donation
0
0
Steel 
Aluminium 
Copper 
Brass 
BR w/Au 
Stainless 
1908.28
160.2
85.4
7.5
0.9
16.19
PCB 
Plastic 
CRT 
Glass 
Bulb 
Battery 
270.43
810.0
293.1
0.0
1.1
100.76
Resource demand reduction
From reuse from recycling
Total
Energy (KWh)
8,304,435
11,733
8,316,168
Crude reduction (55 gal. Barrels)
23,283
33
23,317
Landfill space reduction (Cubic Meters)
19
30
49
Equivalencies
Number of homes, annual energy supply
Number of cars, annual emissions
1,512
202
Waste   
We have continued to take a holistic approach 
to waste production by supporting reduction 
projects internally and externally. Across the 
globe, we encourage employees, suppliers 
and landlords from who we rent office space, 
to take action to reduce their waste. 
We aim to replace paper with electronic 
media while providing recycling bins for paper, 
cardboard, glass, and batteries, and actively 
encourage employees to reduce, reuse and 
recycle their waste.
Such measures include: Howden Spain 
removed all plastic from the office; Howden 
Hellas (Greece) have reduced paper and ink 
usage by 80%; and Howden Hong Kong have 
provided all employees with reusable lunch 
boxes, cutlery and coffee cups.
In the UK, we also source Forestry 
Stewardship Council paper for use in all our 
printers and recycle toner cartridges. We 
have recycled notepad paper, biros, and other 
stationery where possible. 
Restore UK   
In the UK, we have a partnership with Restore plc to 
reuse or recycle all our old IT equipment. Through this 
we have saved over 8,316,168 KWh, the equivalent of 
the average energy supply for 1,512 homes for a year.
 Howden Group Holdings 2023 Sustainability Report 
Being a responsible business
21


---