# Page 22

Seven Clean Seas 
Our collaboration with Seven Cleans Seas continues to 
go from strength to strength. An organisation dedicated 
to addressing the plastic pollution crisis in Southeast 
Asia, our partnership began in 2020, initially rooted in 
educational beach clean-up initiatives. Over time, our 
shared commitment to addressing plastic pollution 
has evolved into not only addressing the plastic 
pollution crisis but also supporting Seven Clean Seas 
in their ambitions to create a world where education, 
employment and equal opportunities can forge a 
brighter tomorrow.  
Together we’ve successfully removed 287,532kg  
of plastic waste from beaches and mangroves, 
accounting for our global plastic footprint spanning  
54 countries.
Social impact is at the core of all Seven Clean Seas 
projects, and in the local communities where they 
operate, they have provided 88 formal jobs to  
waste collectors. 
These people were recruited and trained directly 
from the local community. As part of its commitment 
to supporting employee wellbeing, the organisation 
provides comprehensive support, including social 
security and healthcare benefits, whilst also ensuring 
that all their employment opportunities are inclusive, 
with a strong focus on empowering women  
to promote gender equality.
Case study
Nature and  
biodiversity 
In 2023, we carried out work to better 
understand how we as a business can  
support our ecosystems and minimise  
the impact we have on nature and the  
local environment. We will use the output  
of this research to inform our nature and 
biodiversity strategy.
 
Water  
Although climate change will have the greatest 
impact on our planet, water and  
its scarcity poses an even more imminent 
threat to many around the world. Although  
our business operations have minimal water 
use and impact, we will look at how and  
where we can reduce our water use. 
Watch the video to find out more:
 Howden Group Holdings 2023 Sustainability Report 
Being a responsible business
22
287,532 kg
of plastic waste removed from beaches and mangroves 


---