# Page 24

Our diversity and inclusion 
principles help us create an 
environment where all our 
people can thrive and feel  
a sense of belonging
We acknowledge that building an inclusive culture requires  
continuous effort and a commitment to driving positive 
change. We are dedicated to increasing representation 
and promoting equity at all levels across Howden. Through 
ongoing education, awareness initiatives, and strategic 
partnerships, we aim to create an environment where 
everyone has the opportunity to succeed, regardless  
of their background.
In essence, our diversity and inclusion commitment is a 
pledge to make Howden a place where all of us can thrive   
– recognising that together we are stronger, more resilient, 
and better equipped to navigate the complexities of our 
ever-evolving global landscape.
Diversity and inclusion
 Howden Group Holdings 2023 Sustainability Report 
Being a responsible business
24
Diversity 
Engage 
Agree diversity priorities and drive 
commitment across Howden.
Attract 
Tap into a broader talent pool to hire diverse  
skills, experiences and perspectives.
Develop 
Identify our talent and provide opportunities 
and development for our people to grow.
Inclusion
Conversation  
Create opportunities for meaningful dialogue, 
listening and learning across the business  
to build awareness and understanding of  
our differences.
Education 
Enable and equip our people to understand,  
be comfortable with and leverage differences.
Development  
Learn from  different groups and perspectives 
across the business to create momentum and 
deliver our diversity and inclusion plan.
Our global diversity and inclusion principles 


---