# Page 26

Reciprocal mentoring  
in UK and APAC
Our reciprocal mentoring continued to grow its reach 
across regions. Following a successful pilot in the UK  
in 2022, we rolled it out into our APAC region.
With more than 50 colleagues taking part, the initiative 
aims to create a global network of mentorship, fostering 
cross-regional connections, and promoting diverse 
perspectives. Through mentorship, we seek to cultivate 
an environment that encourages continuous learning, 
understanding, and collaboration.
Diversity and  
inclusion dashboard
In 2023, we successfully integrated the diversity  
and inclusion dashboard into our Board packs.  
This dynamic tool has changed the way we measure, 
monitor, and communicate our progress.
The dashboard serves stakeholders a comprehensive 
view of our ongoing diversity efforts and allows us to 
quantify and identify opportunities enabling us to  
adapt and improve continually.
Menopause  
benefit launch
Taking a step further in our commitment to employee 
well-being, in partnership with our Women’s Health 
employee resource group (ERG), we introduced  
a menopause benefit for colleagues in the UK as part  
of our comprehensive employee benefits package. 
In 2024, we will be continuing our partnership with 
Henpicked, a leader in providing training on menopause 
at work. We will be rolling out training for all employees 
to raise awareness and provide practical tips for those 
who are experiencing menopause and to those who are 
supporting someone going through it at work and/or in 
their personal lives.
Diversity  
roundtables 
Improving our awareness, skills and behaviours  
is crucial to building a shared understanding and 
inclusive workplace where we can harness our  
collective power to drive change. 
For us, this starts with curiosity and conversation and 
that is why, in 2023, we launched diversity roundtables  
to create opportunities for us to talk openly, honestly 
and freely, and to learn from each-others’ experiences.
Through these roundtables, we have seen an increase  
in conversation around inclusion and a deeper 
awareness and understanding of diversity and inclusion 
topics. Following the success and positive feedback  
in the UK, we will continuing to roll these out across 
Howden in 2024.
26
 Howden Group Holdings 2023 Sustainability Report 
Being a responsible business


---