# Page 27

Dive In festival 
We actively participated in the Dive In festival 
– a global movement in the insurance sector to 
support the development of inclusive workplace 
cultures. 2023 was the biggest festival yet, and  
we hosted and participated in a series of events 
across the industry. 
The festival provided a platform for a range of 
events, discussions, and workshops that facilitated 
engaging and meaningful conversations across the 
sector on various aspects of diversity and inclusion, 
empowering Howden colleagues and industry peers  
to consider their approach to inclusion.
Creating an inclusive space to 
allow innovation to thrive
Australia and New Zealand
During this panel session, colleagues discussed DUAL 
Australia and New Zealand’s diversity and inclusion 
journey, focusing on raising awareness of First Nations 
and Indigenous culture and promoting disability inclusion 
in the workplace, emphasising that true innovation stems 
from an inclusive culture. 
Uncovering talent: how 
psychological safety  
drives innovation
UK
Introducing the concept of psychological safety and 
the role it plays in creating an inclusive environment, 
at this session, colleagues learned how psychological 
safety can foster innovation by enabling diverse voices 
to be heard and ideas to be embraced in an inclusive 
environment.
Parenting neurodivergent children 
Brazil
During this panel, speakers shared their experiences 
of parenting neurodivergent children, discussed 
their challenges, and debated how companies can 
provide support for them to balance work and family 
responsibilities. 
Changing perspectives:  
the transformative effect  
of volunteering:
UK
This event brought to life the positive impact of 
volunteering and how it can change lives. Attendees 
learned about the benefits of volunteering and got 
involved with volunteering on the day.
Gender equality: innovative  
tools and solutions for companies
Italy
This event focused on gender parity in the workplace, 
highlighting initiatives to support women’s employment 
and representation at Board level. Representatives 
from across the industry also discussed programmes 
that support women in returning to work or finding new 
opportunities, as well the selection of women profiles to 
fill employment gaps.
Exploring bias
France and Belgium
In partnership with, NOWBE, we hosted a workshop 
designed to help participants understand the impact  
of bias and recognise when they might be acting  
or behaving on the basis of unconscious bias, and 
provide them ways to challenge those biases.
Degrees vs Skills: which is the true 
catalyst for innovation’s thrills?
Singapore
At this event, participants were challenged with the 
notion of traditional degrees as the sole measure of 
success, advocating for a more holistic approach to 
assessing ability, in turn promoting inclusivity and 
unlocking the potential of individuals with diverse 
educational backgrounds.
Futureproof building and 
sustaining an inclusive 
organisation
UK
At this interactive session, subject matter panellists 
shared insights on how to promote sustainable equity, 
inclusion, and diversity within organisation and provided 
insights and strategies to build future-proofed inclusive 
organisations.
The CEO’s view
Germany
Led by CEOs from across Howden Europe, the panel 
shared first-hand what they think about inclusion and the 
role it plays in the future of the insurance industry.  
27
 Howden Group Holdings 2023 Sustainability Report 
Being a responsible business


---