# Page 28

The Prince’s Trust –  
Get Into Insurance  
programme 
Embarking on an unexpected yet transformative journey, 
Naomie Vunabandi, Marketing Operations Manager – 
Howden, found her way into the insurance industry through 
The Prince’s Trust Get Into Insurance programme. 
Through a partnership with the charity, we offer young 
people aged 18-30 the chance to join the Get Into Insurance 
programme, a two-week immersive work experience 
programme where they can join us to learn more about  
the world of insurance and the London market. 
Following the huge success of the first programme in 2022, 
where 80% of participants were placed in roles at Howden 
and the wider London insurance market. Howden welcomed 
back a second cohort in 2023.
Case study
28
 Howden Group Holdings 2023 Sustainability Report 
Being a responsible business
In 2022, I saw a post on LinkedIn advertising the Get Into Insurance 
Programme, a two-week in-person introduction to insurance with 
on-the-job work experience and professional skills development. 
Having limited prior knowledge of the insurance industry, I decided 
to apply on a whim. Unbeknownst to me, this opportunity would go 
on to play a huge part in shaping my career path, and my personal 
and professional development.  
Throughout the two-week programme, I engaged in team-building 
activities, developed my communication and presentation skills, 
and worked alongside individuals from diverse academic and 
cultural backgrounds, all significantly boosting my confidence  
in the workplace. 
Shadowing Howden colleagues in differing roles, going on 
company visits, speaking to industry experts, and networking 
opportunities helped me gain an insight into the vast possibilities 
within the insurance sector. I also had the chance to hear from 
Howden CEO David Howden, and learning about his journey into 
the industry convinced me that a career in insurance was for me.
The programme not only expanded my understanding of the 
insurance landscape but also inspired my own self-belief. 
Encounters with industry professionals, including leaders 
from Howden, provided me with valuable insights and the 
encouragement to pursue a career in insurance. 
With newfound confidence, I embraced the challenge of 
transitioning from a culinary background as a chef, and  
started applying for roles at Howden. 
Two years into this journey, I now proudly work as a Marketing 
Operations Manager, focusing on our global employee benefits 
domain, and Howden’s commitment to nurturing talent has helped 
me to grow exponentially. I wouldn’t be where I am in my career 
if not for the Get Into Insurance programme and the support of 
Howden, The Prince’s Trust and LIIBA (London & International 
Insurance Brokers’ Association).  
Beyond my professional role, I am passionate about philanthropy, 
and co-founded a charity in Democratic Republic of the Congo 
in 2017 aimed at improving the lives of underprivileged children. 
This commitment is driven by a deep belief in empowering young 
people to recognise and embrace their worth and is reflected in 
Howden’s ethos of giving back.
Words by  
Naomie Vunabandi
80%
of participants from 2022 were  
placed in roles at Howden and the 
wider London insurance market.


---