# Page 29

 Howden Group Holdings 2023 Sustainability Report 
Being a responsible business
Employee  
resource groups 
In 2023, we witnessed significant growth in 
our employee resource groups (ERGs), with 
their events gaining prominence across the 
organisation. These groups bring leaders and 
colleagues together to provide forums for 
people from under-represented backgrounds 
and their allies to drive change and deepen 
the value of inclusion across Howden. 
The increased participation and impact of 
ERGs reflect our commitment to providing  
a platform for diverse voices to be heard  
and acknowledged.
29
Women’s  
Health
The Women’s Health hosted a panel in partnership with Henpicked on ‘The Taboos 
of Menopause’ where we got to hear to from experts in the field as well as colleagues 
from Howden who sheared their own experiences. They also invited former Olympian 
Sarah Lewis OBE to come and talk to us about her experiences of competing in the 
1988 Winter Olympics and her transition from a champion to an inspiring leader. In her 
talk, Sarah exposed the reality and challenges of working in a male-dominated industry, 
connecting the need to empower others and encourage inclusivity in the workplace.
Disability  
inclusion 
Disability inclusion  collaborate with leadership to support colleagues with disabilities 
including raising awareness about disability-related issues and ensuring that policies  
and practices are inclusive for colleagues with disabilities. In 2023, the ERG proudly 
hosted Jessikah Inaba, the UK’s first black and blind barrister, in order to learn from  
her own career journey, as well as further develop our colleagues’ understanding of 
disability issues.
Multiculturalism  
Multiculturalism come together to advocate, educate, promote and drive representation 
of multiculturalism at Howden. In the year the ERG celebrated Diwali with Henna painting 
and a specialised menu in our offices, hosted a multiculturalism fair where members 
brought in various cuisines to celebrate their heritage and share with colleagues and. 
As part of Black History month, the Multiculturalism ERG also hosted a talk with Jason 
Robinson OBE, the first Black man to captain the England rugby union team as well as 
former British Lion. Jason spoke to the importance of reimagining a future that cherishes 
and embraces the cultural heritage and contributions of Black individuals worldwide. 
Parents  
at Work
Parents at Work campaign for inclusion and better awareness around the  
challenges parents and carers face in the workplace. In 2023, the ERG  released  
a podcast where they spoke about accepting, including, celebrating and supporting 
neurodivergent children.
LGBTQ+ 
Our LGBTQ+ and Allies Network come together to support and advocate a supportive 
and inclusive workplace culture for colleagues regardless of sexual orientation or gender 
identity. The ERG continued their partnership with LINK, the LGBTQ+ Insurance Network, 
hosting a Drag Bingo event in our Howden offices that raised £7,000 for Terrence 
Higgins Trust charity


---