# Page 31

Colleague wellbeing  
Wellbeing is very much a part of the people-first  
strategy at Howden. Enabling our colleagues to  
balance and enhance their overall wellbeing is central 
to our culture. By having the opportunity to engage in 
wellbeing activities flexibly, whether individually or in 
groups, in person or virtually, provides our colleagues 
with the freedom to build wellbeing into their working 
and personal lives based on their circumstances.
We provide and promote a variety of forums, tools and 
education opportunities that support psychological, 
emotional, financial and social wellbeing. 
Howden also provides financial education, virtual 
counselling and wellness applications, and a 
combination of webinars and live presentations  
in relation to physical, mental health and wider  
wellbeing topics. 
Colleague engagement
We offer colleagues different forums to share thoughts 
and opinions including through ERGs [see page 29] 
and listening forums. To help us assess and monitor 
employee satisfaction and engagement, we welcome 
colleagues to participate in our global people survey  
to give everyone the opportunity to provide feedback  
on their experience of working at Howden. 
As we grow, it is important that we understand what 
matters to our people the most, so we equip leaders  
with the knowledge to drive improve and remain aligned 
with the goals and values of Howden. 
31
 Howden Group Holdings 2023 Sustainability Report 
Being a responsible business


---