# Page 33

Human rights and  
labour rights    
Howden is committed to being a responsible global 
business, recognising the importance and advancement 
of human rights as an issue that is integral to our core 
business, our operations, and us as employers across  
all our entities worldwide. 
We support the principles contained within the Universal 
Declaration of Human Rights and the International 
Labour Organization Core Conventions on Labour 
Standards. The business does not tolerate the use of 
forced labour or child labour and has zero tolerance 
for slavery or trafficking in human beings. To date no 
infringements on human rights have been reported. 
Any human rights risk identified would be escalated 
through the appropriate governance channels to 
address and remedy. Read our 2023 Modern 
Slavery Statement
Financial crime
The Group has a zero tolerance approach to all types  
of financial crime including bribery and corruption. 
The controls in place include: group level minimum 
standards policy; trading entities policies and 
procedures; annual mandatory on-line training  
for all staff; client screening to identify politically 
exposed persons and adverse media exposure;  
financial crime risk assessment; whistleblowing  
policy and anonymous speak-up call service; full 
registration requirements of all given and received  
gifts and entertainment with compliance oversight  
and challenge; and compliance oversight and  
approval of all charitable and corporate donations.
Whistleblowing    
As an employee-led organisation, the business takes 
any form of wrongdoing very seriously. The wellbeing 
and integrity of our employees and business is of 
paramount importance to us and for that reason, we 
encourage all individuals to raise any concerns that they 
may have about the conduct of others in the business or 
the way in which the business is run.
As part of our whistleblowing reporting process, we 
use Safecall, a global, independent and confidential 
reporting service.
Safecall provides a completely confidential service to 
individuals who wish to raise any concerns they have, 
if for any reason they are unable to do so with their line 
manager in the first instance. Contact details are also 
available via the company website, for external third 
parties or counterparties e.g. customers, suppliers and 
business partners.
33
 Howden Group Holdings 2023 Sustainability Report 
Being a responsible business


---