# Page 34

Risk management    
The Group is a large and diverse organisation, which 
increasingly faces a broad range of risks affecting 
various aspects of the organisation, which could impact 
financial results, reputational image, operations or 
strategic decisions, to name a few. In order to achieve 
management’s objectives and expectations for the 
business, it is necessary to manage its risks effectively 
whilst striving to preserve value through a robust risk 
management framework.
A Group Risk Management framework has been 
established and is being embedded, which seeks to 
ensure the identification and monitoring of pertinent 
risks across the organisation, supporting informed 
decision making, and ensuring that appropriate internal 
controls are designed to mitigate the downside and 
maximise the potential upside of risks. Under the 
framework, entities will align their identified risks to  
a standardised Group Risk Library, from which key risks 
are consolidated and reported upward to the Board.
ESG risk 
The ESG & Sustainability Committee sits under the 
Board to report on ESG risks. Through delegating 
certain responsibilities to management, the Board has 
in place appropriate structures and processes to enable 
accountability to stakeholders and to evidence the 
management of such risk. All roles at entity, regional and 
Group level aim to work together collectively to align with 
each other on ESG initiatives and the management’s 
responses to ESG risks.
Cyber security     
Cyber security and protection of our data and assets  
is one of our highest priorities. We continue to invest  
in sustainable technologies which help mature our 
security posture, and increase governance and 
operational resilience. 
As part of our Information Security policy, we operate 
staff training and phishing testing to raise cyber 
awareness and maintain safe behaviour.
34
 Howden Group Holdings 2023 Sustainability Report 
Being a responsible business


---