# Page 35

Partner ecosystem      
To help achieve our sustainability goals, a trusted 
network of strategic delivery partners and vendors 
whose sustainability priorities are aligned to our own 
is key. Collaboration is vital – with the right partners, 
who are investing in developing sustainable products, 
supporting energy efficiency and the transition to  
clean energy, and helping mitigate the impacts of 
climate change.  
We have introduced a vendor risk management  
tool to assess vendor engagements including ESG  
risk, where appropriate vendors will then be subject  
to third-party monitoring and required to complete  
due diligence questionnaires. More than 100 vendors 
are recorded on it at group level, and work continues to 
include both new and existing vendors and the testing of 
the application with international Howden entities.
Supply chain     
Being a responsible business extends to our supply 
chain and responsible sourcing. 
Due to the nature of our business and size of many 
of our offices, we have a decentralised procurement 
model, which utilises local buying and operational  
team members. 
Each business is managed in-country, with policies 
and procedures in place where relevant and required, 
adapted to meet local regulation, requirements  
and practices, and to best manage our businesses 
and suppliers.
A local approach       
We have a local approach to sourcing goods and 
services across geographies. In the UK we are working 
with contractors and suppliers who share our zero 
tolerance approach to modern slavery, and support 
environmental accountability and compliance with all 
relevant standards, laws and regulations.  
This work continues to progress as we grow as a 
business. In 2024, we will be working with a consultancy 
to review and update our Supplier Code of Conduct. This 
will set the expectations of our suppliers on key ethical, 
social and environmental principles including human 
rights and labour practices. 
35
 Howden Group Holdings 2023 Sustainability Report 
Being a responsible business


---