# Page 44

CAMBODIA
Little  
Acorns  
 A UK charity supporting 
education for Cambodian 
children, especially orphans, 
ensuring educational 
opportunities through higher 
education or work placement. 
LONDON, UK
The Felix 
Project   
Addresses food waste 
by redistributing surplus 
food to combat food 
poverty among millions 
of adults and children  
in the UK.
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES
Nurturing Nature 
Together    
The Howden Guardian UAE  
Team partnered with Azraq to 
lead environmental preservation 
efforts, cleaning Al Gurm Beach 
and planting mangrove trees.
UGANDA
Fondazione Dr. 
Ambrosoli Memorial 
Hospital Onlus  
Supports Dr. Ambrosoli Memorial 
Hospital and Midwifery School in 
Northern Uganda, aiming to improve 
local health services.
SLOVAKIA
Komunitna  
Nadacia Liptov 
A charitable foundation 
enhancing vulnerable 
individuals’ lives through 
various projects aiding the 
elderly, orphans, people with 
disabilities, refugees, and 
others in need.
MUMBAI, INDIA
Junoon Foundation 
Howden Mumbai collaborated with the 
Junoon Foundation, providing essential 
support to underprivileged children and 
families through grocery and hygiene  
kit distribution.
In September 2023, we launched our 
Giving Back Celebration Campaign
Giving back around 
the world in 2023
We invited colleagues from across the globe to 
nominate the people, initiatives, and charities that they 
felt deserved to be celebrated and recognised for the 
work they do to give back to their communities.
The winners in the People and Initiative categories 
received a trophy and letter from CEO David Howden, 
and a donation to a charity of their choice. The overall 
winner in the Charity category received a £10,000 
donation from the Howden Foundation, and the 20 
runners-up each received a £2,000 donation,  
also awarded by the Foundation. 
Take a look at the map on the next page to see some  
of the winners of the Giving Back Celebration Campaign 
and learn more about the causes we supported 
worldwide in 2023.
44
 Howden Group Holdings 2023 Sustainability Report 
Giving back


---