# Page 45

£5.6m+
donated to charitable partners 
since inception
£182,000
awarded in Howden employee 
matched funding in 2023
225+
causes supported 
in 2023
The foundation in numbers (as of 30 September 2023):
In our commitment to sustainability, we hold a fundamental  
belief that a thriving business must prioritise the wellbeing of  
people, communities, and the global environment – both now  
and for future generations. 
One of the ways we do this is through our corporate 
foundation, an independent registered charity with  
a mission to protect people from the social and 
economic impacts of climate change. Since 2014  
we have financially supported the Howden Foundation*, 
enabling it to address some of the most pressing 
challenges humanity faces. 
Now, as we face the biggest threat of our age, the 
Foundation has undertaken a renewed commitment; 
to support initiatives that not only mitigate disaster risk 
but also adapt to climate change, ultimately enhancing 
the resilience of high-risk communities worldwide. 
Through long-term partnerships, the Foundation 
provides financial support and actively seeks 
opportunities to extend its impact beyond  
traditional grant funding, tapping into the diverse  
skills and expertise of our people worldwide. 
The Foundation further amplifies its impact by  
supporting the charitable giving initiatives of our 
employees. The People First Fund offers matched 
funding for colleagues’ charitable donations and 
individual fundraising activities. This support ensures 
that our employees’ efforts in contributing to charitable 
causes reach even greater heights. 
Additionally, the Foundation supports the Howden 
Giving Back Celebration Campaign – an annual initiative 
that celebrates and recognises non-profit organisations 
making a significant difference in the communities  
where our people live and work by awarding these 
organisations with a financial contribution in order 
to further their vital work.
Established in 2014, the Howden 
Foundation is the corporate 
Foundation of Howden, extending 
the charitable work of the business 
and its people around the world
*The Howden Foundation is the working name of the Howden Group Foundation, a registered charity in England and Wales (Charity Number 1156286).
45
 Howden Group Holdings 2023 Sustainability Report 
Giving back


---